learn how to color your plants in this free video clip on perennial gardening .
learn how to pick stained glass for stepping stones in this free video series that will have you creating these unique stones in no time .
the melody to section a of `` beaumont rag '' is fun and simple to play on the mandolin . learn tips on how to play the first melody section of this song from a musician in this free video clip .
a facial scrub will help lift surface layers of skin . learn tips for using facial scrubs with expertise from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
when all the aces come out in a row , they are locked under the king of hearts . learn how to play aces up solitaire in this free gaming video .
learn how hair color works in this free hair care video clip on beauty and fashion .
learn how to prepare eggplant to make a heart healthy eggplant sandwich in this free online video recipe .
with many domino polka dance steps you can incorporate them into your dance routine . learn how to do the kneeling step in this free dance lesson video .
an electric toothbrush is a great form of brushing the teeth , but should come with soft bristles that bend with the pressure to create a vibrating effect . discover how an electric toothbrushes will promote whiter teeth and a healthier gum with information from a dental technician in this free video on oral health .
remember that every other note will make up a chord . learn how to play a c major scale in this free music lesson video from a music theory graduate .
how to apply lip color for a dramatic makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
learn how to correctly and quickly pick a tremolo on a guitar with expert tips and advice on guitar lessons in this free video clip .
test tiles for ceramic glaze projects are done on different surfaces to help the clay dry before firming them . learn how to finish glaze test tiles on clay pieces with tips from a potter in this free video on ceramics .
learn how to use a tuning post on your acoustic guitar to ensure that your instrument will remain in tune and play music beautifully in this free video series .
medical expenses are tax deductible . learn how to file cosmetic surgery in your tax form in this free video clip about small business tax tips .
when attempting to date a libra woman , a man must realize that she is high-quality , beautiful and fancy looking and that she 's not attracted by a man who 's high-maintenance . date an adult libra with tips from a professional astrologer in this free video on zodiac
learn how to chop thyme from an expert to make some cajun ratatouille in this free recipe video on combining french and cajunt cuisine to make crepes .
if you have just finished your breathing and grounding , learn how to warm up your knees , hips and spine in this free video clip about the benefits of chi gong .
in kickboxing , use the front leg to drive the ball of the foot into the bag . learn how to do a front leg kick in this free video on women 's kickboxing techniques .
learn about the ingredients you will need for making chicken wings with expert tips on cooking seafood in this free recipe video about making your own chicken wings .
when fixing a guitar neck , take some of the wood from the base to prevent damage . repair an acoustic guitar neck with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on acoustic guitar setups .
water for a swimming pool should have litmus strips to test the ph level of the water . clean a pool for the best results with tips from a pool supply store manager in this free video on swimming pools .
holes in glass etching stencils should be shook up before applying the etching cream . shake up the stencil and stencil for a glass etchment with the tips in this free video on how to etch glass from a crafts expert .
some piercings close up faster for different reasons , including high blood flow , the fact that the piercing closes up on a regular basis and that it 's able to be cleaned up overnight . learn the science behind why some piercing heals faster than others in this free video from an experienced piercer on body modifications
adjust zooming and depth of field with your digital camera . learn how to adjust camera zoom settings with tips from a camera enthusiast in this free photography video .
when training for an off-road triathlon , practice static stretching after running and lifting to enhance the recovery from the workout and build some flexibility . stretch properly for a triathlon with tips from professional triathlete in this free iron man video .
when loading a lavender still , pour purified water into the retort , hook up the clamps and set up a pool timer to make sure all of the batches are consistent . load a lavendar still for distillation with tips from a lavenders-farm owner in this free video on lavender .
when beginning to draw a cartoon , begin jotting down ideas on paper with an idea . sketch out a cartoon character with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
stretching is very important in any martial arts , including tae kwon do . learn the butterfly stretch in this free martial arts video .
sometimes inflatable sleeping pads get holes in them . learn to repair thermarest sleeping pads in this free backpacking video about how to prepare for a hike .
learn how to finish preparing the sandwich for your diabetic diet in this free alternative health video..
become a portrait photographer by studying lighting and how the sun reflects on the skin , and by concentrating on interesting forms of focus to make the background out of focus . find out how old people and younger people react to the lighting with information from a professional art and commercial photographer in this free video on photography .
wedding centerpiece ideas include candles , sheet moss , flower buds and a hurricane . create a wedding centerpiece with tips from an event coordinator in this free wedding planning video .
the plank pose is a popular yoga pose , particularly in sun salutations . learn how to do the plank yoga pose for sun salutation with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
learn how to clean an espresso maker with a brush and a damp cloth from our expert in this free drink recipe video on making your own espresso drinks .
the different parts of a skateboard include the deck , the trucks , the axel and the wheels . learn about each part and how they work together in this free skateboarding video lesson .
when creating artwork , use crosshatching to build a shot through shading with lines . learn to use cross hatching with tips from an illustrator and caricaturist in this free video on drawing and caricature art lessons .
how to mix the right chocolate dough for making torte cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
learn what signs are that you are trying to deceive your friends in this free video series that will show you how to perfect your poker and poker playing .
how to braid hair when you are low ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn how to prepare the ceiling for paint from a professional contractor in this free diy painting video .
using a spray bottle throughout your sandcastle will keep it from collapsing . learn about water and building a sandcastle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
lifelong equestrian shows how to undo the flash , nose band and throat latch and put the reins on a horse ; learn more tips on how to tack up a horse in this free horse care video on horse care and riding .
the single whip tai chi maneuver reveals the practitioner 's abilities immediately . learn to perform the single whip movement from a professional feng shui instructor in this free martial arts video .
how to sharpen a spiral metal cutting drill bit ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on how to sharpen carpentry tools in this free instructional video .
how to set up an audio file in logic pro music software ; learn more about music production software in this free instructional video .
learn how to form the spout for a double-walled pottery teapot in this free video lesson on ceramic art .
here are some tips on how to start face painting with your kids in this free video clip .
when cleaning kitchen and bathroom rugs , the plastic rugs should be placed in the washer first to remove all hair and dirt . dry rugs in cold or hot water with tips from a professional house cleaner and organizer in this free video on housekeeping .
the tucked no-hander is an more difficult bmx trick . learn how to perform this trick from a professional bmx rider in this free biking video .
learn how to finish your origami valentine 's day project with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
antique connecticut clocks come in a variety of styles , including gilding clocks and reverse paned glass clocks . find out about connecticut antique clocks with tips from a clock repairman and collector in this free video on antique collecting .
safety people should be designated to see over backyard fireworks and the ignition officer to avoid injury . learn more about injuries from a fire captain in this free pyrotechnics video .
want to give a great public speech ? get tips for giving an attention-getting introduction in this free video clip about writing a great persuasive speech for public speaking .
most of the time , you 're going to catch bad hands . that 's the nature of poker . learn how to play jacks to open poker in this free gaming video .
demonstrating how to do a defense against a knife threat . learn self-defense with martial arts in this free video .
learn the meaning of the hamletback goliath red or chaos card and how to play it in magic : the gathering in this free card game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
give your valentine finger puppets a funny face by adding eyes and eyebrows . learn more about adding eyes , eyebrows and clothing to your valenta finger puppet from a craft expert in this free arts and crafts video .
recycle everything you possibly can so , you 'll take the ends of flower arrangements that you do n't use and use those for tools . learn how to make silk flower arrangements from a professional floral designer in this free gardening video .
proper salary for a professional skater can range from $ 5,000 to $ 10,000 a month . find out how professional skateboarders make money with information from a professional skateboarding instructor in this free video on skateboarding careers .
how to properly cut strings when you restring a guitar ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
benefits of using black beans from a bean dip that a diabetic person would be able to eat ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by an expert chef .
how to remove the retaining clips in your u joint . learn about universal joint replacement on a car 's rear axle in this free car repair video .
learn how to do a drill with resistance bands in your workout with this free fitness video .
learn how to play the second half of aerosmith 's 'dream on ' on guitar in this free video clip on reading and playing guitar tablature .
how to apply gold shimmer for applying high fashion makeup ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetics like you see in fashion magazines and fashion shows in this free beauty video .
frying spices and adding them to paneer masala for best results ; learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation of chicken and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
learning climbing movement involves keeping arms long and using the feet to prevent fatigue . use the feet when climbing with safety tips from an experienced rock climber in this free video on rock climbing techniques .
to do push-ups , maintain good straight body alignment , supporting the muscles of the upper body , utilizing the hands , shoulders and chest . do a push-up with tips from a fitness director in this free video on exercise programs .
learn how to dice onions for meatball ( albondigas ) soup in this free meatball soup recipe video .
materials and how to stitch a reversible teddy bear explained in this free stuffed animal video .
the 100 is a pilates exercise that strengthens abdominal muscles . learn this great exercise with expert tips from a professional pilates instructor in this free fitness video .
how to fertilize mexican honeysuckle plants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own plants and herbs in this free gardening video .
learn how texture is used as a basic element of painting design in this free instructional video art lesson .
even if one player does n't know what he or she is doing , that is acceptable . learn about cheating as a part of advanced paintball tactics in this free sports and recreation video .
want to enhance your child 's digestion ? learn about children 's nutrition , food allergies , and getting kids to eat healthy in this free video .
learn tips on how to properly play a barred g7 chord on a left handed guitar with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
learn how to mix red paint for your painting and tips on the basics of color theory in this free instructional art video .
use temporary chalk to cut straight lines in wood . learn how to snap a chalkline using the home remodeling tips from the owner of a construction company in this free video .
how to open clay on the potter 's wheel to throw a pot ; learn this and more in this free video arts and crafts lesson taught by a pottery making expert .
learn how to block a vicious kick in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin karate instructor tony capraro .
use pens to practice lettering before deciding on a layout . learn how to create a layout for a calligraphy lettering lesson from a calligrapher in this free art video .
for shrimp in coconut-potato puree , remove the heat so the potatoes are soft and flake off easily . drain shrimp for shrimp with coconut-cilantro rice using tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
working from side to side to decompress strut mounts with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
when giving violin recitals at home , practice playing in the rec hall . learn more about the preparation for a violin recital with tips from a violinist in this free music lesson video .
guitar effects are great for funk , rock , pop , and many other genres of music . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
in `` magic : the gathering '' the tenth rule means a spell that is not on the stack ceases to exist . know more about magic spells and effects with the role-playing game ( rpg ) tips in this free video on `` magic cards '' from an rpg expert .
when wearing short dresses , conceal important areas of the body , such as the knees , to help conceal and camouflage the body . find out the best way to wear short dresses with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
balance in a shadowbox with antiques allows the space to be balanced . learn how to balance textures with tips from an antiques expert in this free cat care video .
in order to remove swirl marks from a speed boat , a mild polisher should be used more aggressively on the polish . use a high-speed buffer when removing swirl marks with tips from a car wash owner in this free video on speed boat detailing .
cleaning paving bricks can be done with a scrub brush and some household cleaners , such as dish washing liquid or mild detergent . learn to clean paving bricks with tips from a heating , ventilation and air conditioning ( hvac ) certified technician in this free video on home repair .
want a unique and professional video resume ? learn how to make a video resume in this free video clip .
learn how to add lentils to lentil soup , following this heart healthy online recipe video .
jelly scrubbing a horse 's face is great for different reasons . learn how to use jelly scrubber on a horse with tips from a veterinary technician in this free horse care video .
triplet drum beat patterns are four beats in a measure . learn how to play triplet drum beats with tips from a drumming instructor in this free music lesson video .
use special tools to remove brake rotor disc . learn how to identify brake rotor wear and tear in this free brake job instruction video .
hermit crabs are omnivorous animals that eat anything they can find . learn more about hermit crab diets with tips from a reptile expert in this free pet care video .
smooth out a whiskey decanter , removing excess clay from the top , with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
in skateboarding , the healflip varial is a combination of a heelflip and front side shove-it , and it requires the skateboarder to learn exactly the right foot positioning and patience . kick the heelflips off of a skateboard with tips from a sponsored skater in this free
learn how to switch ollie over a board from a skateboarding expert in this free how-to video on performing tricks on a skateboard .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
learn how to turn garbage disposal back on in this free home improvement video from a kitchen appliance expert .
squats are a great way to strengthen your lower back and hips . learn a few latin dance squat exercises from a choreographer in this free video .
when playing shifts on the violin using violin sheet music line one , measure one , start playing with the first finger . learn how to shift on the c string in this free video lesson on playing the violin .
sensitive scalps may cause pain during cornrow braiding , so it is important to be patient and honest to the client . braid cornrows of any size and pattern with tips from an experienced hair stylist in this free video .
improv is an essential tool skill for actors to have . learn about improv for the theater in this free video series on acting performance .
keep your fingers on the pulse of a breadboard oscillator . learn about using homemade oscillators in this free vintage electronics restoration video .
spice up your violin playing with finger patterns . learn how to play the e string finger pattern on an upright bass in this free stringed instrument video from a music teacher .
handwriting is important for people to learn . learn about the significance of handwriting analysis in this free calligraphy lettering lesson from a calligrapher with three decades of lettering experience .
holding a drum is an important part of playing the drums . learn how to hold and slap a drum in this free video lesson .
learn how to install tower pieces in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
organ players can change keys by modulating a chord . find out how to change keys on an organ using the music tips in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
in fashion design , futuristic sunglasses can be one of the focal points of the design collection . learn to design futuristic sunglasses for fashion croquis from a designer in this free fashion illustration video .
playing center fielder in softball depends on the position and personality of the player . play center fielder with tips from a former collegiate all-american softball player in this free video on softball .
cornia sparkling wine is grown in the northern region of the state . learn about california sparkling wines with tips from a sommelier in this free sparkling wine video .
learn tips for removing bad hair color from your hair with expert hair color tips in this free hair styling video clip .
want to play jazz piano ? learn some jazz tips on spotting 4/4 time in this free video clip on jazz piano tips .
it 's important to button your button-up short sleeve before you fold it up . you want it to look nice and even . learn how to fold button-ups short shirts in this free clothing care video .
do n't apply high lid eye shadow too high . learn how to apply a high lid shadow in this free makeup tips video from a professional makeup artist .
how to do the eiffel tower trick with your yo-yo in this free video on yo-yos .
learn tips on how to write 'utter a word ' with the chinese radical of mouth in this free video clip on chinese characters and foreign languages .
breaking the neck is a basic self defense technique for women . learn how to break someone 's neck with tips from a martial arts expert in this free women 's self defense video .
how to connect your digital camera to your computer in this free home movie video .
repair a clogged ice maker by checking the supply water and checking the stencils on the front of the ice maker for any obstructions . if the ice is not coming out , it 's time to break up the ice . start with fresh ice when repairing a broken ice maker with tips from a home
the whole note is an equal four counts of a measure . learn how to play the whole note on a violin in 4/4 time with this free music lesson video from a violin teacher .
using the brush tool , in photoshop , will help you liquify text like a liquid . learn some useful tips for liquifying text from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
there are a variety of types of helmets for mountain biking that are appropriate for different uses , from light weight helmets for road riding and more durable helmets for skateboarding or skateboarding . compare different styles of helmets to make sure they fit the job with tips from a motorcycle technician in this free video on motorcycle helmets .
acupuncture is a great alternative medicine that can help stimulate certain muscles in the body and help you lose weight . learn tips on how and why this is from an acupuncture expert in this free video clip .
how to know what to put into a purse or handbag ; get professional tips and advice on choosing and buying fashion accessories in this free fashion video .
the front side 50-50 in skateboarding is when you ollie on to a ledge and grind using both trucks . do a front side50 with tips from a sponsored skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding tricks .
learn how to remove the base from the smoke detector , plus other diy home fire safety tips , in this free home improvement and maintenance video .
women 's swim goggles were introduced just a few years ago for a smaller goggle that would fit more of the women 's faces . try using anti-fog swim goggles , such as the tier fin and speedo womens vanquisher , with tips from the owner of a swimwear shop in
paper you 'll need to make a paper cowboy hat and how to assemble the hat ; learn this and more in this free online arts and crafts video on making party supplies taught by expert ginny larson .
when bodybuilding , alternating biceps curls work the same muscles as a pump . build bigger biceps with alternating dumbbell curls with tips from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
looking for a new camera for your video production project ? learn how to use an xlr input in this free video clip about the basics of a canon xh a1 video camera .
how to position your hands to relieve headaches in this free alternative medicine therapy video clip .
learn some tips on how to mark your course and finish off a cross country race in this free exercise training video on competitive cross country running .
read weather conditions for winter hiking ; find tips for hiking in winter and staying warm in the snow in this this free video on winter exercise .
use measurements to mark coat rack base plate before cutting . learn how to measure and cut a base plate for a coat rack with tips from an industrial design teacher in this free woodwork video .
using the mixer feature in sony vegas is an important part of the video editing process , get a software tutorial in this free video .
to attach your 3-d picture to your craft board , apply a layer of glue to the clay . learn how to make a decorative paper dragonfly in this free crafts video .
when using a high-speed digital camera , shoot at a higher asa level without as much noise . learn how a chip in a digital camera can shoot at high asa with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photography .
bands can get together and go through problems due to bad communication , substance abuse and conflicts of interest . learn about overcoming conflicts in a band from a professional musician in this free music video .
the high hat is the most prominent drum involved with any beat and should have its own rhythm . begin playing basic but important high hat drum beats with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on high hat accents .
watch as a flower expert and professional gardener demonstrates how to plant and care for fall-blooming arum italicum bulbs in this free online video about home gardening .
puppet craftsmanship . learn how to make a dream plane in this free kids crafts video from an expert on building paper airplanes .
how to play riff 7 for playing blues guitar in a ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
learn the fountain pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
use a thin brush to add a z stoke when watercolor painting the feathers of a feather . learn more about outlining the feathers for a feather painting from a professional artist in this free painting video .
in kickboxing , practice the hook punch from a stationary position by twisting the hand and lifting the heel . perform this powerful attack with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
paripedes are venomous creatures that can cause serious injuries to people and wildlife . learn more about the dangers of centipedes in this free video .
eyebrow waxing usually misses a little buildup . learn how to use exfoliating products for eyebrow waxing with tips from a hairstylist in this free beauty care video .
learn how to measure and cut paper for decoupage a box in this free video clip .
dress for a disco by wearing a disco outfit that fits the body , shape and dance steps , creating a dance routine fit for the 1970s . start a disco routine with the right outfit with the help of this free video from a clothing designer on fashion advice .
plastic golf balls are great for practicing your golf swing and getting rid of injuries . learn more about the benefits of using plastic golf balls from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
toast vegetables and rice for thai basil chicken in a tablespoon of oil . learn how to toast vegetables for this chicken recipe with tips from a chef in this free cooking video .
what should you do with a professional children 's entertainer ? learn how to find jobs for kids ' parties in this free planning video .
the shuffle is a great drum beat to play for fast blues or rock music . learn some tips from a drumming expert on how to play shuffle beats in this free video clip .
learn how to add garlic powder to make falafel ; learn more about traditional middle eastern food in this free cooking video .
learn how to secure basement windows from a professional contractor in this free diy home improvement video .
removing strut mounting bolts is done with a socket and a half-inch drive ratchet . learn how to remove mounting bolts for front struts on a front-wheel drive vehicle in this free car maintenance video from an automobile repairman .
learn how to grill eggplant to make an eggplant sandwich in this free online video recipe .
in pilates , develope exercises are great for engaging the core and strengthening the side muscles . learn more about developes and pilates from a professional pilates instructor in this free fitness video .
fitting and fitting a bra will help you maintain a comfortable work out . learn how to fit and fit a bra with expert tips in this free women 's fashion video .
stretching the abs using a noodle can be easy if you follow a few easy steps . learn to use an exercise noodle for your abs from a professional fitness instructor in this free exercise videos .
watch how to play a basic drum beat that has steady quarter notes on the bass drum , or kick drum , for beats 1 and 4 , in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
get an introduction to different types of tropical flower arrangements ; get expert tips and advice on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
a beach themed wedding centerpiece includes orchids , vases and tropical foliage . choose beach themed centerpieces with tips from an event coordinator in this free wedding planning video .
the atmosphere at a hookah bar is a mellow atmosphere , so do n't be afraid to introduce yourself to people . experience hookah bars with tips from a hookahs bar owner in this free video on hookah smoking .
wondering how to get the right experience as a bodyguard ? learn how to obtain bodyguard training from a former secret service agent in this free career video .
glass can be heated up to create millefiori glass beads . learn how to stretch and attach glass beads to the frame in this free glass video clip about how to decorate ballet slippers .
learn how to do a slap up step in tap dancing with expert tap dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online dance lesson and choreography video clip .
country music and charlie pride are all over the news . learn how to act as a country western character in this free video on theater and performance .
learn how to plate and serve cuban congri , or cuban rice and beans , with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
in basketball , spinning moves can help disrupt the flow of a defense . use spin moves on defense with tips from a former semi-professional basketball player in this free video on basketball fundamentals .
get tips on what medicine to take for peru , including what foods to avoid , and how to stay healthy while traveling in peru in this free traveling video guide .
how to apply your own celebrity makeup ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
learn how to properly install and remove a bike wheel in order to ensure that your bike is safe in this free bike care and maintenance video series .
front line adductions work the inner part of the thigh . learn more about front line adduction exercises with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
try not to bury water bottles in the bottom of a backpacking pack . learn how to properly pack a backpack in this free backpacking video on camping and the outdoors .
looking for break dancing moves to start your break dancing sequence ? learn break dancing for the clubs in this free video on break dance moves for beginners .
watch as a horse expert discusses the basics of equine care in this free online video about horseback riding .
gran turismo 5 cars , such as the tuscan tvr , drift easily , but take care with the throttle . get free gran turismo 6 tips on how to drift in mid engine rear wheel drive cars with medium high power in this free video .
it 's important to remove obstructing weeds from your organic parsley garden bed . learn some techniques for preparing your garden bed from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
earrings can be made to go with any belly-dancing costume , whether it 's for a gypsy look or a glitzy style . find out how to make earrings for belly dancing with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance .
how to cut bell pepper for making authentic spicy acapulco chicken ; learn more about making traditional mexican and latin american food in this free cooking video .
on the five count of great pep rally spirit dance , bend the knees and bring arms out in a double lunge . learn the second five and six counts of great impeple spirit dance in this free cheerleading and dancing video .
learn the mechanical worthiness of a used car when buying one with expert car buying advice in this free online used car video clip .
reason 4 has many features and one of them is the hip hop template . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
repetite supplements can help your bearded dragon stay healthy . learn how to take care of a bearded dragon and reptiles in this free video tutorial on exotic pets .
learn how caffeine affects sleep with expert sleeping tips in this free online healthy living video clip .
professional budget advice you ca n't miss ! learn about the importance of a budget for personal finances in this free online video tutorial .
remember to keep your stomach muscles tight when executing your stationary shoulder isolations . learn how to do shoulder isolateations in hip hop dance warm-ups from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
when defending against an attacker with jujitsu , use the head and knees to soften up the attacker and gain control over him . defend against the double wrist grab with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujiitsu .
do n't hold a partner 's hip flexor for 10 seconds . workout with a partner and stretch hip flexors with tips from a physical trainer in this free fitness video .
a cardio kickboxing workout will do four basic kicks including front kick , back kick , side kick and side kick . learn how to do kicks in this free cardiovascular exercise video from a kickboxing fitness trainer .
learn what tools are needed to adjust the wheel bearings on a car with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
demos can be a great way to practice your music in order to get a sense of what the music is going to sound like when you are playing it . learn how to perform a demo in the studio from a professional musician in this free video .
pilates push ups are a great advanced exercise for the upper body . learn more about the advanced pilates exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
cleaning pewter can be done with a homemade cleaning solution of 1 teaspoon salt , 1 cup vinegar and 1 1/2 cup flour , by mixing it up and allowing it to sit for a few minutes before wiping it clean with hot water .
aquarians are very friendly people who try not to be put into a box . learn about the different types of aquarians with tips from a astrologer in this free pet care video .
reflexology techniques include thumb walking and gliding strokes . practice reflexology on the hands , feet or ears with tips from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on massage therapy .
napping the snaps will make sure that the luff wire is secure . get expert tips and advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
caffeine is a must for vegetarians to survive cold weather . learn what to eat to hunt and camp in sub zero temperatures in this free camping video with a professional huntsman .
want to be a dance instructor ? learn how to allow parents to be involved with your children in ballet in this free video clip from a professional ballet dancer .
watch an expert chef gather ingredients for a cream of mushroom soup recipe in this free online cooking video .
ingredients for meatloaf ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by expert rich buccola .
learn why a base coach instructs a runner at third base and first base with expert tips and advice on baseball rules and basics in this free online baseball video clip .
growing flower bulbs in containers requires considering whether the plant needs sun , shade or sunlight . learn how to grow flowers in containers from a sustainable gardener in this free video .
johannes brahms was one of the greatest music composers in history and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
the clock feature on an iphone allows different people to set different alarm times , such as the world clock and the timer . discover how to use the clock , stop watch and timer feature to set an alarm with tips for a technology specialist in this free video about the iphiphone .
when broadcasting a fifteen second signal , always stand close to the camera as close as possible to the teleprompter . learn more about broadcasting news from an abc53 floor director in this free video .
using small yellow onions , which are commonly found in the village , to make your greek fish plaki ; learn tips , trick and preparations suggestions in this free online cooking video about greek food taught by an expert chef .
toothed combs are great for daily care when braiding hair . learn how to use a toothed comb for hair braiding with tips from a hairstylist in this free beauty guide video .
in basketball , you can make a head fake shot and a floater shot by faking a defender and getting them off balance . learn how in this free sports training video on how to play b-ball .
the inverter is an electronic and electric unit that manages energy in a home . learn about saving energy in your home with natural or solar power in this free video .
using dumbbells , learn how to build shoulder muscles for upper body building from certified personal trainer in this free exercise video .
learn from our expert how to do some push ups to strengthen your upper body in this free training video on cross country running tips and techniques .
learn how to give treats to multiple dogs in this free dog care video from our pet health professional .
the aikido tekubi tori kotegaeshi wrist grab defense is a martial art that uses your opponent 's momentum to defend against them . watch this free video clip and learn how to avoid and take down an opponent as they try a wrist grab .
learn how to use the shoelaces to juggle in this free juggling video .
do n't keep your fishing equipment dirty . learn how to maintain your fishing gear in this free fishing video from the owner of a fishing tackle store .
knowing what to look for when buying squash for your garden is very important to their success and growth . learn how to choose the best possible squash plants for you in this free horticulture video from a veteran gardener .
make your own t-shirt embellishments ! learn how to apply jewels to fabrics with rhinestones , plastic jewels and gems , in this free video .
play drum basic and-one for swing music with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
get a walkthrough of smuggling out the agent in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
reason 4 has many preferences such as the sound card that can be used and altered to make it easier to work with . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
there are a few tools needed for screen printing , including a squeegee , printer and ink extender . get tips on the tools you will need from a printmaking expert in this free video .
learn how to avoid common problems when pole dancing for exercise and get professional tips and advice on pole dancing exercises in this free fitness video .
make a wax sculpture by assembling a clay mold and then putting wax in the mold . wax a sculpture with tips from an artist in this free sculpting video .
an undulation added to belly dancing shimmies rocks the hips and makes an ooey-gooey movement . add an undulation to belly dance shimmy with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
set the levels of a four track recorder to properly record vocals . learn how in this free audio production video lesson on how to record your own songs for cheap .
writing a drama screenplay involves developing characters that are believable , likable or unlikable but also believable . develop character that people really enjoy with tips from a filmmaker in this free video on writing drama .
how to find out about the biological aspect of depression in this free home health video .
a draw in golf is when the ball lies to the right and is hooked to the left . learn how to draw with a seven iron from a professional golf instructor in this free golf instruction video .
learn from our expert how to attach the head of your fly fishing pheasant tail in this free fishing video on techniques for and making fly fishing nymphs .
teeth enlargers add character to a pencil sketch by adding deeper and more teeth . learn to sketch teeth with tips from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
learn how to do a hapkido bo staff strike to the stomach in this free martial arts weapons training video .
travian online lets you build a military , and attacking smaller players is the only way to do this . learn how to play travian online in this free video tutorial series .
bubbles can create a lot of texture in your cake , so learn how to avoid wrinkling the paper for a decoupage project in this free video clip .
the step-touch side footwork in belly dancing begins with the feet facing straight ahead , knees bent and the belly button pulled in , keeping the chest lifted and shoulders down . learn to do step touch side foot work for belly dancing with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance
the larger the number , the larger the hook . learn about types of fishing hooks in this free fishing video from the owner of a fishing tackle store .
in rock music drummers like to change it up and hitting a rim click on and of three is a good way to do that . learn some tips from a drum expert on how to do this basic rock drum technique in this free video clip .
play a sample game to make sure that you understand all the elements of states dice . learn how to play states dice in this free gaming video .
when caring for a dog , use nail clippers and a little bit of stop bleed or styptic powder . learn how to clip a dog 's nails in this free pet care video about how to give your dog a treat .
learn how to do a boogoloo pose in hip hop fitness in this free and easy dance lesson video .
whirts are an important part of any women 's wardrobe . get tips for picking the perfect white blouse for your body type in this free video clip about fashion tips for women over 30 .
how to make virtual vomit in this free video .
make your own nail art designs with this tutorial . learn how to file and buff nails before applying nail polish in this free video clip from a professional manicurist .
tools for a ceramic candlestick holder include a large potter 's knife and a small piece of manufactured sponge . learn how to get into clay cracks with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn tips on how to add affect to a song with apple logic pro music software in this free video for artists , bands , and songwriters .
ca n't scrape together the cash for a birthday clown ? no problem , let our expert show you how to make a balloon flower in this free video clip .
learn how to view options in itunes in this free itunes video lesson from an ipod user and expert on music downloads .
learn about setting examples for martial arts school leaders in this free martial arts training advice video from our black belt instructor .
use a high lift ice fishing rod if you do n't get a bite . learn techniques for catching perch in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
learn how to pick firewood to start a fire , plus expert tips on how to build a fire in a fireplace , in this free how-to video .
keep nail polish on nails by not picking at nails and maintaining natural nail care by using a nail prep to lock in the polish . wear gloves to maintain nail polish and improve the look of nails with tips from a licensed aesthetician in this free video on nail care .
cutting clay to begin creating the base for your female portion of your sculpture ; learn tips , tricks and techniques for creating beautiful sculpture in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
using vegetable or water base dyes , for rooster watercolor paintings , will not bond with the glycerin . learn more about mixing colors for your artistic design from a professional artist in this free painting video .
proper head positions for floor gymnastics protects the neck and helps in completing each maneuver . learn about proper head positions with tips from a gymnastics coach in this free gymnastics video .
get strong like you 've always wanted with kung fu . learn how to do praying mantis fighting overhead block low chops in this free martial arts video from a black belt instructor .
fishing and centering clay is a great way to center the clay when making a teapot spout . learn how to center clay for a spout with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
how to de-vein squash for making spaghetti squash casserole ; learn more about homemade spanish food in this free cooking video .
dance the blues with punk rock solos . learn about playing rock and roll music in this free video on musical instruments .
using water color pencils for texturing leather and denim is a great way to add texture to your pastel drawing . learn more about selecting watercolor pencils from a professional artist in this free video .
learn how to choose the right fabric for your sachet and get professional tips and advice on methods and techniques for sewing your own bedroom accessories in this free instructional video .
lie on the belly and set the elbows beneath the shoulders . learn about a yoga eka back bend pose in this free exercise video from a yoga teacher .
learn from our expert that it 's important to keep an oven clean , including how to prevent spills and splatters in this free how-to video on how to better clean your oven .
involve your subject during an interview . learn how to give a good interview in this free series of career advice videos on radio broadcasting .
positioning your feet at the end of the diving board will help determine where to place your feet for back hurdle diving . learn where to position your feet from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
in basketball , the triple threat offense requires a strong stance with extended hands . play basketball with the best of them using the tips in this free basketball lesson from an experienced player .
how to cook triangles for curry phyllo triangles ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic curry recipe in this free cooking video .
learn how to play `` dani california '' by red hot chili peppers on guitar , as featured in the video game rock band and get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar in this free music lesson video .
you need to tuck in the fabric here , fold it in on the top and on bottom , and leave about a half inch of fabric that you can sew your final strip to . learn how to make a shaggy rug out of recycled jeans in this free home decor video .
in chair yoga , perform the warrior series of extended lateral angle exercises to lengthen the neck and shoulder muscles . practice this unique exercise with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free video on chair yoga .
when cutting a slab of clay for a happy sun sculpture , use a roll pin to keep the clay from absorbing oil . cut clay for sculpting a great sculpture with tips from an art teacher in this free video on sculpture .
learn how to dress for a juggling show with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling lesson video .
learn why its important to wear protective gloves when changing the brake pads on a car with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
easy fake bruises and special effects makeup ! learn to cover swollen bruise areas with stipple in this free video series on makingfake bruises and stage makeup effects .
buying a new battery for an ipod shuffle requires calling the apple directly to the apple account , taking the battery apart and performing a pro-care protection plan . get a new ipod battery , keeping in mind that there are no user serviceable parts , with tips from a digital technology specialist in this free
the open hat and kick drum are the most prominent drum parts in rap and hip hop beats . create rap beats with the best of them with tips and information from an experienced and accredited rap producer in this free video .
what is a tight package in boxing ? learn how to practice boxing techniques on a heavy bag , including combinations and stances in this free video on training for boxers .
learn how to do a basketball bow move in this free hula hoop workout video .
learn how to pick a flat gourd bowl in this free craft video .
learn about the costs of getting a car-racing sponsor with expert tips and advice on car racing in this free nhra racing video clip .
chinos have a tendency to crease . it 's important to lay one pant leg flat and make sure that the fly is zipped . learn how to fold chinos in this free clothing care video .
banishing crusty , ashy elbows is done by exfoliating the skin in a circular motion and patting dry with a loofah . banish crusty elbows with tips from a beauty editor in this free video on elbow skin care .
the first clue about an english three-speed bike is that it 's made in england . learn other ways to identify an english 3-speed from a bicycle expert in this free video .
a cowbell is commonly used in drum sets to add textures to a drum beat . play a cowbell with tips from an experienced drummer in this free music video lesson .
learn how to staple fabric for valance curtains for a curtain sewing project with expert sewing instructions in this free crafting video clip .
the lower leg raise exercise is particularly effective for training the lower section of the abdominals . build stronger abdominal muscles with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on ab exercises .
the cross advancing drill uses pivoting on the back leg and extending the arm out to cover the jaw . learn how to warm up for cheerleading with cross advancing from a professional team in this free cheerleading video .
to tweeze nostril hairs , use numbing gel or ambesol to numb the area inside the nose . find out more about tweezing nostril hair with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on health and beauty .
learn how to handle chunks of hair with japanese shiatsu massage to relieve stress and tension with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
get creative and make your own wire sculpture ! learn how to make the tail of a lizard in this free video clip about making a lizard wire sculpture .
what tools do i need to recharging my ac system . learn about recharging a car 's air conditioner with refrigerant in this free car maintenance video .
the minor seventh chord on saxophone is based on the notes f sharp , f # , a and c sharp . play a minor 7th chord on the saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
how to prepare for the bottling process for home brewed cream ale ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
learn how to file your business taxes in this free video clip about small business tax tips .
learn how to examine the water on a leaky bathtub faucet with expert tips in this free home repair video clip .
put together a paintball squad to make it more effective . learn about reactive and stick tactics as a part of advanced paintball tactics in this free sports and recreation video series .
how to locate an engine heater hose . learn about flushing coolant systems in this free car maintenance video .
learn how to pick the right fabric for making handmade purses with expert tips on hip , fashionable , and modern purse styles in this free sewing video clip .
for the foot sen lines in thai yoga massage be sure to use the thumb where the fingertip is . learn more about using thumbing techniques for a foot sen with tips from a yoga expert in this free massage video .
the a major mixolydian mode is a scale for the saxophone that begins on the third note of the a major scale . play the mixolydoian mode in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced and learned musician in this free video .
learn how to pin cloth grocery bags together before sewing in this free instructional video on designing and stitching clothes .
there is almost nothing you ca n't do to a picture in photoshop . learn how to use the scale mode in this free video clip on this great computer program .
learn how to apply the texture rub for pastel painting in this free pastel art video lesson .
play straight fourth snare drum on all four coordinates with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
set up a perfection loop to attach to steel leader . learn about ice fishing knots and equipment in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
an annuity works by accumulation of money into a vessel . plan an annuity plan with tips from a registered financial consultant in this free financial planning video .
learn how an air chisel is used to remove the negative socket from a prosthetic limb with expert tips on how to make artificial limbs in this free online prostheses video clip .
learn how to use puppets to tell bible stories and pass along your faith to your kids in this free christian values and parenting video clip .
how to serve apple rice salad ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making some unique , fresh salads in this free cooking video .
1st position triads on the mandolin 's higher strings are easy to play with these tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
build core muscles and lengthen your ab muscles with the side lying double leg lift exercise . learn more about this advanced pilates exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
calf raises are a great senior citizen exercise for working out the calves . learn how to do calf raises with tips from a registered nurse and nutritionist in this free seniors exercise video .
the body can not tell a lie or hear a lie and stay strong , which is just a physiological fact . learn how to use the body as a lie detector from a professional speaker and educator in this free health video .
 protects a beautiful stained glass piece with protective coating . learn how to use protective coating on art glass in this free video about preparing glass for stained glass crafts .
when cleaning toilets , make sure to rinse the base of the toilet to remove dust and debris . clean the toilet base with tips from a nanny in this free video on toilet cleaning .
in yoga massage the prayer pose is a great way to massage the lower part of the back . learn more about palming the back in the prayer yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
moving out of the way early is a good idea . learn tips for moving out early with expert tips in this free moving video .
learn how to apply clear glass onto glass beads in this free video series that will show you how to make these decorative beads that are perfect for homemade jewelry .
learn how to play two different types of shakers , one in each hand , in the music lesson in this free video .
learn how to shape gnocchi dough with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian cuisine video clip .
ice fishing line has two swivels on it that are attached to the bottom and bottom of the flasher . learn about rigging an ice fishing line in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
the supported camel pose keeps the feet healthy with blood flow and better nutrient circulation . prepare muscles for a workout with this stretching exercise technique from an experienced personal trainer in this free video .
temporarily running on a treadmill will help increase endurance and build muscle . learn how to develop a running schedule with expert tips from a fitness instructor in this free video about easy cardiovascular workouts .
here are some useful tips on playing melodic parts on a hammond organ in rock music . watch this free video on music theory .
learn about different rules for different types of gin rummy from an expert card player in this free instructional video .
learn how to tie a correct palomar knot for hiking , climbing , or sailing in this free knot tying video clip .
learn how to file a parrot 's nails down with a drill to give it better chance at health and vigor in this free pet care video about caring for parrots .
indian food is full of interesting spices and flavors . learn how to add peas for indian potatoes , carrots & peas in this free recipe video .
learn how to relieve pain in your back with a spine aligner to relieve tension and pain in this free how-to video series on using a spine aligneder .
write down each part of the interview and try to reset it for the next one . learn about ways to remember a job interview with expert tips in this free career advice video .
learn how to sight sing using handsigns in scales in this free voice lesson video from our sight singing expert and award-winning choir singer .
front shoulder raises can be done with water bottles or canned items . learn the front shoulder raise with expert tips from a professional personal trainer in this free fitness video .
bard talks about the bagpipe chanter and its various techniques in this free video series that will teach you everything you need to know to play the bagpipes .
trees can be a great addition to a landscape painting . learn how to paint trees from a professional artist in this free watercolor painting video .
discover tips for adding mayonnaise to american potato salad for cookouts and backyard barbeques in this side dish cooking class on video .
learn how to read the seven of pentacles tarot card in this free fortune-telling video on howto read tarot cards .
learn how to do the triangle yoga pose and learn how to correctly position your body for increased strength and flexibility as well as circulation , in this free exercise video from a professional yoga teacher .
making a sandcastle can be difficult . learn the tools you need to build a sand castle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
learn how to pick plants for your moon garden in this free gardening video .
how to play beat 19 on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
do some side squats with the balance ball by placing your feet a little more than shoulder width apart and pushing forward with the medicine ball . learn how to do side squats on a balance ball with tips from a fitness instructor in this free balance exercise video .
learn the sivananda yoga cobra ( plank ) pose in this free exercise video .
the pelvic floor is the last part of learning how to exercise the abdominal muscles . learn about working out the pelvic floor with tips from a fitness trainer in this free core exercise video .
reducing freckles involves first cleansing the skin to first use a light toner on the skin and then applying a spot treat on the ring finger . get rid of wrinkles quickly and effectively with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on skin care .
get a walk through of the test chamber level 13-2 for the xbox 360 game portal from the orange box with expert tips and advice in this free video game video clip .
caring for a labrador retriever requires being careful about overfeeding the dog because of its speed and ability to get fat quickly . feed labrador retrievers a lot of praise and affection in order to build a healthy relationship with advice from a certified dog trainer in this free video on dog care and obedience .
learn how to use the queen of cups tarot card in this free fortune-telling video on how to read tarot cards .
faders are easy to manipulate and create in logic pro . learn how to add a gain and volume to a mix using logic pro 8 software in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
writing an e in calligraphy is a detailed process that can make or break your project . learn specific tips on how to write this letter to match the rest of your calligraphic project .
performing yoga breathing in and out of the bellies is a great way to warm up the muscles of the body . learn more about breathing in chair yoga from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
swabbing points in acupuncture is a great way to stimulate and relieve back pain . learn more about how acupuncture is used to treat back pain with tips from a traditional chinese medicine practitioner in this free acupuncture video .
drum sets are relatively easy to set with floor toms and memory bolts . learn tips from an expert drummer on how to mount the toms in a drum set in this free video clip .
there are several finishes for wood bowls including a finish that is marketed as non-toxic and easy to apply . learn more about finishing a turned wood bowl in this free woodworking lesson from a woodturning instructor .
potatoes are a great addition to any pork chop recipe . learn how to peel and peel potatoes in this free video clip about chicken kiev recipes .
voice leading arpeggios on the upright bass are easy to play with these tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
keep acrylic powder in a sealed container so that it does n't evaporate out . learn how to take care of acrylic makeup from an esthetician in this free spa treatment video .
george frideric handel was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
using crystals and mirrors are a great way to enhance your creativity . learn more from our feng shui expert in this free video clip .
the cafe de paris is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
cutting ginger can be tricky when preparing ginger for a sauteed lemon-lime shrimp recipe . find out how to cut ginger with expert tips from a professional chef in this free video clip about easy shrimp recipes .
mince and dice some garlic and onions for orange pepper chicken . learn about mince and onion with tips from an expert chef in this free culinary video .
a counter pose in yoga is used to help open the hips up and help with flexibility . learn the yoga counter pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
scrape wax off of a snowboard by using a scraper . learn how to scrape wax from your snowboard in this free snowboarding video .
how to prepare and cook the shrimp for making crab stuffed shrimp ; get expert tips on homemade seafood recipes in this free cooking video .
salsa dancers do side breaks in latin dance . learn to do the side break in salsa dancing in this free dance lesson video from an award-winning salsa dancer .
clay pottery requires patience and detail and attaching a handle to a clay pitcher is a great detail to learn . learn this attaching tip that you will need from an expert to create a pitcher in this free video clip .
flowing red barrels and using the l trigger helps you destroy enemies in zakaevs son level , call of duty 4 : modern warfare ; learn more tips in this free gaming video clip on video games .
glazing the exterior of your clay pottery piece is a fun and creative way to decorate your piece . learn some tips on how this is done from a clay expert in this free video clip .
how to prep your crab cakes and how to cook them ; learn this and more in this free online instructional cooking video about seafood taught by an expert .
learn how blood donations function and how they relate to blood donations with expert tips from a registered dietician in this free online healthy diet video clip .
a first-aid kit can be invaluable in case of an emergency . learn how to take care of a dog in this free video on dog care .
pointing dogs in action helps a dog see what a hunter is doing . learn how to teach a dog to point at a hunter in this free dog training video .
learn how to add doenjang to traditional korean kimchi chigae stew with expert cooking tips in this free korean barbecue video clip .
make a top cap for a table lamp by drilling a hole in the shaft . learn how to create the top cap from a woodworker in this free home decor video .
a scissors move in soccer is an attack move that involves a change of speed , change of directions and an element of surprise . discover how to do scissors moves in soccer with tips from a soccer coach in this free video on soccer .
learn the advantage of a cover in a nickel defense with expert football tips and advice from a former football player in this free football defense video clip .
the gecko is a commonly used herb in traditional chinese medicine for relieving lower back pain and frequent urination . learn more about gecko herb facts from a registered herbalist in this free alternative medicine video .
cartooning made easy ! learn how to draw feet on cartoon villains and monsters in this free video on cartooning and drawing bad guys .
 swimming is a great exercise for a dog . learn about teaching your dog to swim safely with tips from a dog trainer in this free pet care video .
jogging will really warm up your muscles . learn how to do jogging drills for warming up in this free basketball video .
using very little fertilizer on evergreen trees , such as adding a tablespoon or two to the soil late in the winter or early spring , will help get rid of the lustery green color . avoid using fertilizer when planting an evergreen tree with tips from a gardening specialist in this free video on trees .
the half forward bend in yoga is a wonderful stretch for the lower back and digestive system . practice the half forward fold with tips from an expert in this free yoga video .
learn how to use some personal safety tips for using a belt sander and get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on precision sanding tools in this free woodworking video .
learn how to serve an eggplant sandwich in this free online video recipe .
hire a contractor to do renovations using the home remodeling tips from the owner of a construction company in this free video .
finding a windows product key is usually done in the properties tab of the computer under the general tab . find out how to copy the product key of a pc with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computers .
learn tips for picking out women 's lingerie to go with your outfit in this free video clip about how to build a woman 's wardrobe .
looking for free window cleaning tips for residential window washing ? learn all about using ladders for cleaning your windows from an expert in this free house cleaning video .
learn how to install tile roofing in this free roofing instruction video .
the simplest way to add a border to a picture in photoshop is by going into the layer dropdown menu , selecting layer style and the stroke command . add a layer border around a picture , and remember to leave a red , with tips from a portrait photographer in this free video tutorial on adobe photoshop
if you are going to roll your own faze of shotgun poker and you do n't have a straight or a flush , you might be trying to slow play a straight . learn how to play shotgun poker from a champion poker player in this free card video .
learn about common balloon accessories for twisting and folding with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free balloon folding video clip .
learn how medication can be used for treating restless legs syndrome and its symptoms with expert medical advice in this free health care video clip .
learn how to play walking down notes on the guitar in this free video clip on music theory .
push-up exercises begin by starting on all fours with the feet down and the knees down , and then picking up the feet and lowering down and up until the strength is built . do more push-ups by adding more with help from a fitness trainer in this free video on health and staying in shape .
how to curl the tendrils for styling a curly hair up-do ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
when applying whiteface clown makeup , it 's important to work with the lines on your face . learn how in this free clown makeup video lesson .
the flange guitar effect makes it sound as if you are playing the guitar is a large room , hall , auditorium , or studio . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
working out for the triathlon run involves an extensive endurance workout to build the volume of the run ; learn how to train for the running portion of a triathlon in this free sport competition video .
the shakuhachi flute riff starts with an f and goes down to an a note . learn more ways to practice playing the notes in this free video music lesson .
a peeling cut is created in the chuck to create a shoulder for mounting in the scroll chuck . learn about boring a blank from a woodturning expert in this free crafts video .
it is important as a beginning player to maintain your edge in squash to prevent falling backwards . learn about squash organization information with tips from a squash instructor in this free video lesson .
garageband music recording software has a zooming grid that allows the user to adjust the pitch of several tracks at a time separate from the others . use this garageband plugin to edit and mix an existing track of music as an experienced music producer shows how easy it is to use .
learn stretches before cheering that will keep you safe and healthy in this free video series on advanced cheerleading moves .
work the hamstrings , calves and thigh muscles with develope exercises . learn to warm-up for modern dancing with developes exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
learn how to make knots for a glass pendant necklace with expert jewelry design tips in this free crafts video clip .
shot a bad shot when a player is in back of you . learn about racquetball strategy and court positioning with a player in back in this free video from a squash instructor .
for the squash book , cut 3 1/2 by 3/2 squares into the pattern paper and attach the cover . assemble a squash book with tips from a scrapbook demonstrator in this free video on arts and crafts .
learn how to use mimic to transfer files with expert 3d animation and rendering tips in this free software tutorial video .
when using a power drill , select the right size bit for the job and use a chuck to lock it in place . power drill with tips from an experienced handyman in this free video on home remodeling supplies .
the toggle clasp will make an id badge holder , as it can also be used as a necklace , as well as as a photo holder . find out more about making beaded id badges with great tips from an experienced jewelry maker in this free video on beaded jewelry .
learn how to do reaping throws in kempo karate in this free martial arts video from a 4th degree black belt .
learn the different types of snow tires to buy based on their cuts and studs with expert auto mechanics advice in this free online car care video clip .
becoming a physician is a long and difficult process requiring at least 11 years of education and training in a competitive career path . find out how to become a physician with tips from a medical administrator in this free video on career information .
watch and learn from our expert tips on how to make a delicious topping for macaroni and cheese in this free mac and cheese recipe on video .
learn how to make royal icing using all of the ingredients in this free video clip on cooking .
 continuity in tai chi is the concept of continuity without interruption , the height of the hands being drawn in a circular pattern . learn tips on how to maintain continuity from a professionaltai chi instructor in this free martial arts video .
cable fly exercises work the major pectoral muscles . learn how to use cable flies for body building from certified personal trainer in this free exercise video .
learn how to fold a hood sweater in this free step-by-step laundry care video .
how to sew the top inside of a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
when elevating the front of a car to change transmission fluid , place the jack under the vehicle to keep it from sliding underneath . raise a car 's front end with tips from a mechanic in this free car maintenance video .
blacksmithing is a character profession in `` world of warcraft '' . get expert tips and advice on video and computer games in this free video .
learn how to identify a saturated book when drying wet books with expert book care tips from a bibliophile in this free online book related video clip .
many belly dance moves are done from the side , such as an undulation . learn more about belly dance undulations with tips from a professional dancer in this free dance lesson video .
use negative reinforcement and punishment to train parrots and learn more about training parrots in this free pet care video about using negative reinforcement to train your parrot .
in skateboarding , the ollie , shoveit and 180 are the easiest tricks to learn . practice skateboarding tricks with tips from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
how to play the `` distorting mirrors '' improv game . learn how to practice improv with games , warm ups , and exercises in this free acting video .
a flight instructor manages multiple tasks at once . get more information about a flight instructor 's job description from a certified flight instructor ( cfi ) in this free video on a career in aviation .
learn how to hop into a bmx abubaka with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
play r & b drum shuffles in 12/8 timing with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
a balanced snack before bed can help the nervous system relax . learn how to balance blood sugars and magnesium for sleep with expert tips from a registered dietician in this free health video .
learn how to juggle two clubs with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling lesson video .
a symphony conductor must know how to conduct in 6/4 time . learn about ways in which conductors communicate with orchestra members in this free conducting lesson from an experienced conductor .
organic parsley is packed full of enzymes that help you digest and stay healthy . learn some great tips for storing parsley from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
how to do a nollie on a snowboard is discussed in this free video clip .
learn how to make a snap and play center in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
many people with depression have insomnia that irritates them at night . learn how acupuncture helps with insomnia with tips from a traditional chinese medicine practitioner in this free acupuncture video .
learn how to clear the spine for a bmx spine with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
the double spiral is a great variation of the single spiral dance move . learn to perform the double spiral from a professional dance instructor in this free video .
blending paint colors for pottery is an important step in painting pottery . learn how to blend paint in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
gardeners pick the best places to plant their plants . learn how to build a pathway for children in this free crafting video .
perform the yoga inverted back bend by tucking in the neck and rotating the torso . learn to relax back bend exercises with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
learn to play 12/8ths african drum patterns with two bass drums and conga off the beat . free video drum lessons featuring a professional drummer and drum teacher !
how to properly store an electric hand drill ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on how to use tools for leveling , shaving and shaping wood in this free instructional video .
how to do the seasick yo-yo trick
how to use a stone cutting tool to make obsidian in this free how-to video .
play latin music clave accent beats on tom-tom drums along with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction and improvisation .
when cleaning screens in a bathroom , try not to wash them or spray them all the way around . clean bathroom screens with tips from an experienced housekeeper in this free video on housecleaning .
a faucet usually has a stem and valve type , either a compression or a compression-type , and it can be adjusted by unscrewing the handle to find replacement cylinders . look for repair holes or to look inside the cylinder to discover a broken fout with advice from a licensed remodeling contractor in
so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on the affordable option of tuning your guitar .
oil-based stains are easier to work with . learn how to choose a stain for your wood deck in this free video on deck staining .
give compliments to the student who is doing the right thing . learn how to manage a college classroom by engaging disruptive students from a professional speaker and communications instructor in this free video .
need to repair your strut mounts ? learn how to start bolts with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
learn how to get started racing from an accredited car racing school with tips from our professional driver in this free car-racing video .
learn how to add rabbit ear for an origami eagle with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
 compensate for sitting position and arc swing when playing adaptive golf . learn tips for compensating for sitting positions from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
the blues piano is relatively simple and has no major harmonies . learn about new orleans music and the basics from a professional pianist in this free video .
the two most common reflexology techniques are finger walking and thumb walking . discover new techniques for foot reflexology with tips from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on massage therapy .
breathing properly in yoga is the most important step to master . learn to breathe correctly in this free hatha yoga video .
do you care about your friend ? learn how to do sign language related to describing people in this free education video .
learn how to make homemade valentine 's gifts from a professional art teacher in this free video about tips for making the best handmade cards and envelopes .
trap card of dark world . learn about the dark world yugi oh in this free card game video from a role playing game ( rpg ) expert .
when turning a bowl in wood turning , keep the handle in right hand and the flute opposite . learn how to use a wood turning tool in this free video on wood turning .
to remove surface rust from tools , apply a mixture of baking soda and lemon juice to a paste , allow it to set for several minutes and then wipe it clean with a paper towel . consider using a light oil to remove rust from a tool with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free
how to sanitize brewing equipment for home brewing cream ale ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
watch as a window-cleaning professional discusses the different types of squeegees in this free online video about cleaning exterior windows .
when selecting stained-glass patterns , find books filled with patterns at a craft supply store or on the internet . learn more about working with stained glass in this free video series .
the evolution of wedding videography has changed from a cheesy and home video style to a stylistic approach . learn about wedding videographer from a professional in this free wedding video .
learn how to play 8th note high hat lifts on the downbeat of beat 2 in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
incorporating various techniques when playing the hi-hat , bass drum and snare will help you enhance the beat and style of the bossa nova drum pattern . learn the fourth groove of this latin style drum beat with expert tips in this free drumming video .
cross cuts are good for circular saws . learn how to make cross cuts with a circular saw in this free woodworking series from an expert furniture maker .
get the proper ingredients needed to make apple pie ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
when writing a contract , or any agreement that is worth anything , consider hiring an attorney to write it and include what each party is giving to the other party . write a contract that specifies what parties are to do and what time frame is this agreement to take place with advice from a certified family mediator in this
the easiest way to soften up jeans is by washing them more often , avoiding the factory fade . learn more about softening jeans with tips from a fashion designer in this free video on denim jeans .
compression hand sprayers are used to apply all kinds of liquid sprays to surfaces . learn about the parts of a compression hand sprayer from a woodturning expert in this free crafts video .
learn how to make a mash for a homemade korean takkogi with expert cooking tips in this free korean cuisine video clip .
a good way to get to know people who use telescopes is by meeting and showing them photos . discover how to meet people using telescopes with help from an astrophotographer in this free video on astronomy and telescopes .
learn tips and techniques for mastering the crossed foot pose and advanced arm balance yoga positions and stretches in this free online video yoga class .
a simple arm bar submission move is from the guard position and is very painful to the elbow . use an arm bar with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
yoga can help you stay fit and healthy . see how it can help your breathing in this free video clip .
in order to look tall and thinner with clothing , wear clothing that comes in similar color tones that will create an all-lined visual . wear pants that do n't have any cuffs to keep the line going with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
when conducting a bike tour , try wearing a cycling shoe with a clipless pedal to maximize efficiency . learn more about bike tours with tips from an experienced cyclist in this free video on bike tours .
how to finish the recharging process after r12 to 134a . learn about recharging a car 's air conditioner with refrigerant in this free car maintenance video .
massage movements in the eye area will detox and remove puffiness from the skin . learn how to massage the eye in this free eye care video .
start with an open d string for a d major scale . learn about playing upright bass d major scales and arpeggios in this free stringed instrument video from a jazz and classical bassist .
when drawing people , start with the head , making sure to leave the face un-shaped and add six heads per body . draw people with tips from an illustrator in this free video on art .
repeating shapes is a great way to create ideas for a collage . echo shapes for collage with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
piano is one of the most versatile instruments that is able to set any mood . major 13th tensions are a part of that you will learn in this video .
when drawing fairies there 's a wide array of styles and looks that can be applied , including the human form and the fantastical wings . draw fairies with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
learn the basic fighting positions in kyukushin karate in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushini karate instructor tony capraro .
recycle your clay to make an interesting sculpture by starting with a block . learn to recycle clay from an artist in this free sculpting video .
learn how to add the scented scent for soy candles with expert craft tips for making environmentally friendly , handmade soy candles .
the nollie frontside 180 is a skateboarding trick that involves riding backwards on one foot . learn how to do a nollies frontside 75 on a skateboard from an instructor in this free skateboarding tricks video .
use at-home tooth whitening products for teeth whitening , which is much less expensive than over-the-counter products . learn more about using at- home tooth whiteners with expert tips in this free dental health video .
learn how to configure the operating system default on a pc to optimize a computer in this free home organization video clip .
make sure to blow out photo holders before loading them . learn how to clean photo frame holders with the right cleaning tips from a professional photographer in this free photography video .
adjusting the seat height on a unicycle is a bit tricky but there are a few steps you can do this . learn how to adjust the unicycle seat height with expert tips in this free unicycling video .
an important piece of exercise equipment for any workout is a resistance band . learn about using exercise bands for your upper body from a certified personal trainer in this free fitness video .
learn how to mix the chorus in a rap song in order to produce a hit rap track in this free video series that will have you creating rhythmic rap music in no time .
the aces is the other half of blackjack that occurs . learn how to play aces in blackjack from a professional casino dealer in this free gambling video .
how to use a stop valve when making your own wine ; learn more about wine in this free instructional video .
learn how to attach the legs of a table leg when building a table in this free carpentry and woodworking video .
shape ceramic glaze test tiles by pulling clay from the base to the top of the form . learn to shape test tiles with tips from a potter in this free video on ceramics .
to produce music at home , find a room with sufficient space to record vocals and try using a microphone and vocal mics . choose a recording studio with tips from a veteran hip-hop recording artist in this free video on the rap music industry .
blood pressure is what determines whether or not you have a health condition . learn more about what blood pressure is with tips from a naturopathic doctor in this free health video .
strengthen your lower back with straight leg dead lifts . discover workout tips to strengthen and tone your legs in this free training video .
when we are drying a surfboard , a uv agent is used to mix it into the resin . learn how to apply the second coat of drywall mudding in this free surfing video about how to repair a surf board .
fight oily skin by washing the face two to three times a day with oil-free moisturizers and cosmetics . reduce fats in the diet and increase intake of vegetables with tips from a beauty editor in this free video on facial skin care .
eyeliner will really bring out your eyelashes . learn how to apply eyeliner to false eyelashes in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
learn how to research a crowd for a comic with expert stand-up comedy tips and techniques in this free comedy lesson video .
thyme can be cut in several different ways for garlic bread . learn thyme cutting techniques with expert tips from a chef in this free recipe video .
the mai thai is a fruity island inspired drink that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
for juggling three balls , columns have two balls being thrown at the same time and one going straight up and down . throw columns for three-ball juggling with tips from a professional juggler in this free video on hobbies .
learn how a car race schedule affects your life , home life and job with tips from our professional driver in this free car-racing video .
make a shot list of all shots you want to have done on your wedding day . learn about wedding videography from a professional in this free wedding video .
how to split a dark tea leaf for making tropical flower arrangements ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
if you 're riding above your skill level down hills or on flat ground , there 's several ways to get off your bike and sort of ditch it . learn tips for avoiding tipping over and losing your balance when mountain biking in this free trail riding training video for the beginner .
the 5-3 football defense is geared more toward teams that run well together . discover the 5- 3 defense with tips from a former college football player in this free video on football .
piano is one of the most versatile instruments that is able to set any mood . major 7th tensions are a part of that you will learn in this video .
in calligraphy , the italic capital letter g should be written in three strokes . learn how to write a lowercase `` g '' in italic hand calligraphic lettering in this free calligrapher art lesson from a calligraphing instructor .
looking for self defense training ? learn how to do the groin attack defense technique in this free video clip from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
a one-to-a-half inch bounce is considered a medium curl formation . learn about the first and half inch bounce with tips from an aveda salon instructor in this free hair care video .
learn techniques for painting and decorating sneakers in this free video clip about how to apply the first layer of paint to sneakers .
in yoga , use a yoga ball to perform the standing torso twist with buddha arms exercise . practice this wonderful exercise with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on core flow vinyasa yoga .
stretching is very important in all martial arts including aikido . learn some latin dance stretches from a martial arts expert in this free video clip .
 goto telescopes have electronic motors that allow users to point their telescopes to better navigate the night sky . find out how to use a goto mount for a telescope in this free video on home astronomy from a telescope salesperson .
a television producer 's hardest day can include working on a tv news story with six people putting their lives in jeopardy . hear about this television producers ' hardest day in this free video on tv careers from a professional television producer .
for the blue devil marching band , stand with feet shoulder-width apart . learn about proper posture for marching band in this free music video series .
take off the lid to the vegetables and give them a final stir . learn how to make curried shrimp with coconut apple chutney from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
a popcorn snowman makes a great christmas decoration . learn how to add hanging thread for popcorn snowmen in this free christmas decorations video .
daiginjo sake has been around since the late '19th century . find out the full history of daigojo sake with expert tips from a sake sommelier in this free video about types of sake .
reproducing antique clocks is easier when they are free of winding or adjusting mechanisms . find out which reproduction clock is right for you in this free video on collecting antique clocks presented by an antique clock collector .
learn how to tell when medication is in a bottle with expert medical tips in this free vaporized medicine video clip .
men 's clothing in a pencil sketch helps determine the fashion designer 's style . learn to draw men 's clothes with tips from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
learn how to choose a sleeping bag , whether it 's a bivi style or a sleeping pad , to ensure a comfortable night 's sleep while camping in this free video series .
when handling your home health test for yourself , wash your hands and use soap and water to avoid contamination . learn how to take home health care test results from a certified medical assistant in this free health video .
snowboard mounting hardware consists of a screw and tightening washer , and they can even make integrated plates . choose the right snowboard hardware with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free extreme sports video .
use a pipe cleaner tail for this rat and you 've got to chose placement . learn how to make mixed media rats from a professional art instructor in this free crafts video .
learn how to understand the basic html document and learn how to build your own website in this free computer programming video .
learn how to add flour to bagel crisp to make bruschetta with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian recipe video clip .
finding a rising star in astrology defines the cusps , or dividing lines of each day . find the rising star with tips from an experienced astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
you have to hear about these bizarre hollywood stories about 'chicago ' . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
trench coats are a classic fashion trend , and they come in a number of different lengths and color . learn how to pick a trench coat for women over 30 with tips from a fashion stylist in this free video on women 's clothing .
courbet was an early proponent of realism in painting . learn more about the paintings of courbet at the budapest fine arts museum in this free art education and travel video from a director and tour guide at the museum .
you usually like to do a smile on your rag doll 's mouth . learn how to make a rag doll mouth in this free crafts video .
learn how to make your child lose contact information at theme parks in this free video series that will keep your family and your kids happy , healthy and safe while visiting a theme or amusement park .
a double latte is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
how to serve a spanish omelette ; get expert tips and advice on making traditional cuban breakfast recipes in this free cooking video .
how to cut the pineapple to make your skewers ; tips , tricks and cooking suggestions in this free online cooking video on ethnic food taught by an expert chef .
learn how to fold shirts to avoid wrinkles in your suitcase to maximize space in this free traveling video on folding clothes in a suitcase .
as a pig farmer , showmanship is important because the judge will look at the pig 's bone structure , size , weight and hams . learn more about how to win as a pig from an organic farmer in this free pig care video .
when watercolor painting the side of a house and church , mix yellow and rose together to color in the mountains . learn more about painting the sides of the house using watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
before attempting to put in hair extensions by yourself , know the partings , glue the extensions in , place them on the scalp and repeat the process for the clips that have been sewn on them by a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
creating an origami fox puppet requires a lot of detail and detail . learn some tips for finishing your paper model fox puppet from our craft expert in this free video .
learn how to make the petals of an origami rose with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
build up your acoustic speech by editing the words you have just written . learn how to speak in a new york dialect in this free video .
trying to memorize your dialog ? its easier than you though . learn tips for preparing for your on camera audition in this free video from a casting director .
the wasp module has its own filter type as well as the other filter types . learn how to use the wasp filter in fl studio in this free music recording software video from a professional producer and audio engineer .
cut-up the sides of your ceramic charger plate to make sure it fits . learn how to cut-up a plate with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
pro tools offers users a variety of keyboard shortcuts to record and mix music . learn how to use keyboard shortcuts in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
learn how to punch holes in a double-walled pottery teapot in this free video lesson on ceramic art .
relief printmaking on a wood lathe increases the power of the piece . learn how to use a printmaking tool on a lathe in this free woodturning video .
to save an excel spreadsheet as an html file , go to the save menu , choose `` html '' and type in the indentions and formatting options . use html to make an excel file as a template with tips from an assistant certified public accountant in this free video on microsoft excel .
a convertible collar fashion design should be worn with the top down . learn more about drawing a convertible collar design with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
when applying whiteface clown makeup , it 's important to paint the lower lip . learn how in this free clown makeup video lesson .
learn how to add eggs for a gourmet coffee cake recipe from our expert in this free baking video on gourmet desserts and recipes .
use styrofoam for added stability and support for your puppet stage . learn how to make a portable puppet theater in this free crafts video .
block the boards of a surfboard to prevent surfboard damage . learn how to blockboard boards from a professional surfboard shaper in this free surfing video .
learn how to do the seated side stretch when using yoga poses for energy in this free pregnancy exercise video from our expert on fitness for expecting mothers .
french braiding hair can be done from the middle of the head and from the very top of the hair . french braid hair with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
there is almost nothing you ca n't do to a picture in photoshop . learn how to make adjustments in this free video clip on this great computer program .
learn the lotus ( agnistambhasana ) pose to stretch and open your hips to prepare you to put your foot behind your head , in this free yoga instruction video clip .
how to add margarine and sugar to make torte cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
so you want to be a great basketball player ? check out this free basketball warm up video on groin stretches and learn some tips from our pro .
how to assess the surface of your clay eagle sculpture for determining if your sculpture is pleasing ; learn tips and techniques for sculpting in this free online art lesson about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
chinese people are often forced to eat with their right hand , no matter what hand they use . learn more about chinese food etiquette from an international business consultant in this free etiquette video .
learn how to coat pita bread with olive oil for pizza recipes with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian recipe video clip .
how to do the 441 and straight angle juggling trick in this free juggling video .
looking for classic jewelry tips ? learn tips for finding necklaces in this free video clip about collecting antiques .
learn the cradle ( agnistambhasana ) pose to stretch and open your hips to prepare you to put your foot behind your head , in this free yoga instruction video clip .
learn tips on the correct way to block for a reverse trick play in this free video clip on american football .
a swimming game can help a child swimmer get comfortable with the water and techniques of paddling their arms and legs . teach children how to swim with a doggy paddle using tips from a lifeguard in this free video swim lesson for kids .
radio station interviewers should keep their microphones engaged and under lights off to avoid sounding weird . learn how to interview guests on a radio station in this free radio station overview from an experienced radio technician .
a pot belly mug foot is an important step in finishing a clay pot . see how to add a foot to a clay mug in this free ceramics video .
making your hair look thicker involves adding some curls , teasing and using a thickening comb to get extra volume . get thicker hair with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
practice upright bass songs in 3-4 time with an up bow . learn how to play part one of `` home on the range '' on upright bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
the potter 's knife is a great pottery tool to use to smooth out the edges of a clay teapot . learn more about using a pottery knife for shaping a free-flapot from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
keep your video and image files organized in a folder for easy access . learn how to create a sample website in photoshop in this free graphic design tutorial from a professional graphic designer .
how long it takes tomato seeds to germinate after planting ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own fruits and vegetables in this free gardening video .
learn from an expert the different types of hangers available to hang pictures in this free interior design video on techniques and tips for hanging pictures .
wearing a helmet helps caving ; learn to cave safely in this free video on caving ( spelunking ) and recreation .
learn how to securely bound a script with expert playwriting advice in this free play production and theater video clip .
learn who is best for avoiding acne with a facial mask with expert skin care tips in this free beauty video clip .
learn how to use the foot polish scrub during an exfoliation foot massage with expert sensual foot massage tips in this free online massage therapy video clip .
removing curtain rods will help open up your office space so that you can put your computer desk closer to the window . learn why removing curtain rods can help from a professional home remodeler in this free video .
learn how to mix seasonings for chicken cacciatore and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert chef karl james .
looking for self defense training ? learn how to get out of a double wrist grab in this free video about self defense techniques for women .
an expert swimmer gives an example of how to do an open turn when learning how to swim the freestyle stroke in this free swimming lesson video from an expert on health and fitness .
learning to acknowledge to your audience is a great way to connect with the people who are watching . learn some tips for acknowledging the audience from a professional performing and touring musician in this free video .
in yoga , perform the boat pose by balancing on the sitting bones and wrapping the arms around the backs of the legs . practice this powerful stretch with tips from a registered yoga instructor in this free video on yoga .
the sand wedge is a great golf club for chipping out of thick grass and out of the rough . learn more about the sand wedge from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
how to make cheesecake filling ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
when in new orleans , go to the tipitina 's , which features national acts , and the preservation hall , which is a famous jazz fest . enjoy a variety of city events with tips from a crescent city resident in this free video on orleans music .
learn how to approach a bmx peg manual with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
use safety pins to pin strips together as you coil your rug . learn how to make a braided rug out of recycled jeans in this free home decor video .
cleaning up paint is one of the most important parts of painting a living room . learn how to clean up paint spills and messes with tips from a painting contractor in this free video on home decor .
learn how to install the front plates for your garage storage shelves in this free diy home improvement video .
get tips on how to add wine to your rabbit stew and more in this free cooking video about game taught by an expert chef .
stretch the muscles in the front of the leg with the lunge . learn about zen yoga basic back stretches in this free holistic fitness video from the founder of zen kung fu .
when sculpting a head from clay , the best surface is a drop cloth or tissue . find out how to sculpt a head out of clay with expert tips from an art teacher in this free video about sculpting .
choose the best child car seat for your child in this free video on child safety seats .
piano , canvases , and other performance art supplies can be donated to the arts in this free conceptual art video .
a woolly bugger is made out of a hook , a marabou , turkey feathers , black chenille and a black hackle . learn what tools are needed to go fly fishing with this free video on fly tying .
the highest value of any die side is the ace . learn about hand rankings in poker dice in this free dice games video from a successful poker player .
creating a raised garden bed is easy with these tips , get expert advice on gardening and lawn care in this free video .
if the symptoms of dryness are more severe than the heat symptoms , learn how to trigger the spleen six acupuncture point for iron deficiency with tips from a traditional chinese medicine practitioner in this free acupuncture video .
the southern gin cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
the leg lift is an important core exercise that will help build leg strength and stability . learn more about the leg lift from a certified personal trainer in this free fitness video .
spindle boxes are a great activity for children because they help them visually identify each item . learn how to use spindle boxes to teach children to read in this free educational video about language montessori methods .
learn where to find the best model car shows in this free video series that will having you building pristine model cars in no time .
spray the inside of your legs with kleenex so that it looks like a ballerina . learn how to spray tan the inside legs with tips from a beautician in this free sunless tanning video .
when packing for a day hike , always include a small back pack that is comfortable , extra warm clothing for emergencies and a lighter and pocket knife . pack a hiking backpack for a dangerous day hike with tips from a backpacking guide in this free video on camping and hiking .
facial foam is thicker than regular foam . learn how to test foam for foam in this free surfing video about how to repair a surfboard .
what 's a fun way to iron clothes on a t-shirt ? learn about various ironing tips for women in this free video on laundry and clothing care .
learn about fitting a dog collar to keep the animal from getting tangled up and pulling in this free video .
when planting sod in the wintertime , make sure to have at least two inches of compost or potting soil above the clay and that it has something for the roots to grab onto . lay down sod during the winter to keep warm and cool with tips from a sustainable gardener in this free video on garden pest
practice at an angle to hit tennis shots from both sides . learn how to play beginner tennis from our expert instructor in this free sports video .
how to assemble pieces of woodworking equipment ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on woodworking tools in this free instructional video .
the sound person supplies sound equipment . learn about sound package packages used by a cameraman in this free photography video .
learn how to finish up the tail of an origami cat with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
add some hot sauce instead of cayenne because it has a sweeter flavor and temperature that 's easier to regulate . learn how to make curried onion and apple pork chops from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
a finger jig is used to cut slots for a table saw . learn about finger jigs from a carpentry expert in this free woodworking video .
in pilates , lengthening the spine and focusing on posture is a great way to stretch the hamstrings and lower back . stretch the spine forward before beginning pilates with tips from a professional pilates instructor in this free fitness video .
wet the piece from the top and the outside . learn how to form a cylinder on the pottery wheel in this free ceramics video on wheel throwing techniques .
for dogs , the goal for the owner is to be the benevolent owner . learn more about keeping dogs on a leash from a professional dog trainer in this free pet care video .
putting together patient 's own blood protein is the first step in human immunodeficiency . learn how blood and protein are mixed in this free medical treatment video .
how to choose a pot for house plants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for indoor plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
racking the balls in billiards is easy with these tips . get expert advice on pool and 8 ball in this free video .
for feng shui , a solid headboard contributes to a love energy in the bedroom . build a solid feel of support in bedrooms with tips from a spiritual healer in this free home decor video .
use the stay command when in the kitchen or when outside the door to make a boundary for a dog not enter that area . learn how to teach a dog to stay in the correct way in this free pet training video .
doing lateral bosu ball-bound weight-training exercises strengthens muscles in the quadriceps , hamstrings , calves , glutes and core . discover how to do weight-lifting exercises for skiers with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video about weight-keeping programs .
learn how to do an arm swing exercise to warm-up for a back handspring from our expert in this free instructional video on doing back handsprings .
learn how to reinstall the wheel after replacing your shocks with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
a spinning top is a slightly more advanced origami model that is fun to create anywhere . learn tips from an origami expert on how to fold this model in this free video clip .
johann sebastian bach was a 19th century composer who wrote a variety of pieces for the violin . learn a bit about the works of bach on the violin from a violin expert in this free video clip .
learn from our expert how to mix the ingredients in a food processor when making arroz con pollo in this free cooking recipes video from our cajun expert .
use sticky keys on a computer by pressing the shift key five times to gain access to the alt and f4 key . use sticky keys with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
to sew piping , supplies include a 12 inch ruler , tailor 's chalk and piping foot . gather supplies for sewing piping with tips from a seamstress in this free sewing video .
use different materials for a duck decoy sculpture depending on whether they are gray clay , water-based , plasticine or oil-based . learn about clay types with tips from an artist in this free art video .
learn how to make a plate of falafel following this easy greek video recipe .
make sure that the paper strips that you are cutting are about half to two inches wide . learn how to make paper dragonflies from a professional art instructor in this free crafts video .
learn how to read reverse plays and play defensive end in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
make sure your beat is in the right place with logic pro . learn how to add a click track to a logic pro 8 session in this free video on music production .
when performing a power flow yoga pose , inhale to lengthen the spine and exhale to cool down the body after exercising . cool down with tips from an aerobics instructor in this free video on yoga poses .
how to use a dj headphone ; get expert tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
the mid layer is a great piece of clothing to keep you warm . learn about the benefits of using a mid layer in this free video on camping gear and the great outdoors .
put the hands on the guard to begin a kickboxing switching front kick , rear leg round kick and spinning side kick combination . learn more about this kickboxing attack combo with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
in juggling , the two balls that are held in one hand should be in columns . practice juggling two balls with tips from a circus juggler in this free video on juggling tricks .
using shadows in a pastel drawing will add depth and dimension . learn to create shadows with pastel paint in this free painting lesson from a professional artist .
learn how to do basic steps with a partner when dancing the mambo in this free video dance lesson .
a green shirt is a nice leprechaun accessory . pick out a green shirt for a leprecheraun costume with tips from a makeup artist in this free video on making costumes .
by tracking their behavior , you can determine what is causing their behavior . learn how to teach and understand the behavior of children in this free video on parenting and education .
improve your life and improve your tennis skills . learn how to help yourself improve cross-court game in tennis with this free video lesson .
learn how to install drawer fronts for a dresser in this free diy woodworking video .
make popular holiday drinks for yourself , family , and friends ! learn how to make this frosty egg nog drink recipe with expert tips in this free video .
learn to do the cc footwork move in this free video clip .
to make a flower that adheres to a plain pair of slippers , starch the fabric and pull it down to form a knot . use silk flowers to make a custom look with tips from an accessory designer and former retail buyer in this free video on fashion crafts .
looking for an easy cyanotype design ? learn how to finish an exposed flower in this free photography video about how to make cyanotype prints .
a skateboard nollie lip slide on a quarter pipe is a great variation of a front side lip slide . get tips on how to master this trick from a skateboarding professional in this free skateboarding video .
a good way to warm up the body for barbell workouts is by loading the bar with medium weight and including a few dead lifts and shoulder presses . prepare for a workout with barbell with tips from a professional trainer in this free video on personal fitness .
want to be a ninja ? learn to do the ninja throat strike from a professional ninjutsu trainer in this free self defense video .
cleaning excess clay from a large ceramic platter will make it easier to extend the piece . learn how to clean up excess clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
firefighters use nylon webbing to tie girth or hoses around their tools . see gear , such as webbing , firefighters use and find out how they use webbing when fighting fire or removing a victim from a vehicle in this free video featuring a professional firefighter .
restorative yoga is great for pregnant women to calm the nervous system and cultivate inner stillness . learn more about the benefits of restorative yoga from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
form flowers are nice and round for spring flower arrangements . learn how to add form flowers in this free floral arrangement video about how to make a rose bouquet .
learn how to do body blade bends from a professional personal trainer in this free health and fitness video .
learn fashion tips for plus size women in this free video clip about gowns for full figured women .
when installing a vinyl fence , mix concrete and water to the same width as the existing grade of soil . learn how to mix concrete for fence posts from a fence company employee in this free home improvement video .
tape the edge of a vehicle badge to help align it with the badge . learn how to apply vehicle decals and graphics from a professional in this free automotive video .
in math , the absolute value of a number is its distance from zero disregarding whether it 's to the left or to the right . solve absolute value equations with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
alternating picks are a good way to practice your fingering . learn a picking exercise to help loosen up your fingers from a professional pianist in this free video .
bibliography writing styles include the modern language association , the american psychological association and the turabian . learn how to write a bibliography with tips from an english professor in this free reading group video on writing .
folding balloon animals and using balloon animals . learn how to make a balloon flower in this free video .
masks are a creative way for kids to play . learn how to make a butterfly mask in this free video clip about easy craft masks .
learn about pre-flight inspections of an airplane in this free how to fly video .
the object of billiards is to sink your pool ball first . learn the object of pool from a certified pool instructor in this free pool instructional video .
learn to play 12/8ths african drum patterns with off-beat and then on the beat . free video drum lessons featuring a professional drummer and drum teacher !
the tree pose in chair yoga is a great exercise that helps senior citizens improve their balance . learn more about the tree pose and chair yoga from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
use black paint sparingly in an oil painting . learn how to shade a seascape with expertise from an experienced artist in this free oil painting video .
learn the chinese symbols for thorough with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language specialist in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
practice making a pop-up doggy in this instructional arts and crafts video taught by an expert seamstress .
here are some useful tips on playing keyboards solo in a band . watch this free video .
when buying a chainsaw , consider purchasing a power chainsaw with longer blades , more teeth and light-duty seasonal trimming jobs . purchase the right chainsaw for a job with tips from an experienced handyman in this free video on home remodeling supplies .
gesso is a nice surface to paint on your canvas . learn how to stretch and prepare a canvas for painting from a professional artist in this free video .
asian food can be some of the best for you . learn about the ingredients to make pot sticker soup in this free video clip on healthy asian recipes .
try the irish tap step from the front in tap dancing . a dance teacher will show you how to do intermediate tap dancing irish steps in this free video lesson .
enjoy a christmas party with lots of fun activities for kids . learn more about christmas traditions in this free holiday video .
the best handmade cards and envelopes ! learn how to make a creative pop-up heart card from scratch in this free video .
the locust pose is a great yoga pose for energizing and waking up in the morning . learn how to do the locust to down dog yoga pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
in logic pro 8 software in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
learn how to draw a cartoon bear , including a horse , a bear , a teddy bear and a bulldog with expert cartoon drawing tips in this free online art instruction video clip .
do n't wrinkle a woodworker 's bookcase ! learn how to router a wood lathe in this free woodworking video .
obstructions for removing wood bubbles . learn how to fix damaged or broken furniture in this free woodworking video .
crossing a soccer ball is a fun way for teammates to gain control over the ball , and it 's discussed in this free video series on soccer basics .
camouflaging thick arms involves wearing clothing sleeves that are n't close to the arms to help conceal the thickness , or wearing jackets that hit in the top part of the arms . avoid wearing clothing items that conceal thick arms to accentuate the fact that they 're surrounded by thick arms with tips from an
how to play the first part of the song 'come together ' by john lennon on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction on playing pop songs on percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
learn how to keep your dog from being the dominate one in this free pet obedience video , taught by an expert dog trainer .
a healthy diet is very important for human longevity . learn how to make a healthy senior diet with fruits and vegetables in this free health video .
the glute bridge is a great way to work out your glutes and get your spine and hips back in action . learn how to do the weekend warrior workout in this free exercise and fitness video .
on the saxophone , the c major scale is a six-step of the e flat scale . play a c minor scale on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
use sandpaper to help your child trace and trace numerals . learn how to use sand paper to make sand paper numerals in this free educational video about language montessori methods .
fouls are judged a bit different in soccer , get expert tips and advice on soccer rules and moves in this free video .
incorporating syncopation with the ride cymbal , snare and bass drum will help you enhance the groove of the d'angelo song `` spanish joint . '' learn some tips for accenting the cymbals from a professional musician in this free guitar video .
garage band offers a series of different drum patterns that are available to use in any music project you are recording . learn tips on how to choose one and how to manipulate the instrument from a recording expert in this free video clip .
learn how to clean up old age stage makeup and use cleaning products to prevent wrinkles with expert makeup tips in this free online theater production video clip .
learn how to play a more advanced version of bingo with expert teaching tips in this free online kids math games video clip .
the most common problem with partial dentures is the loosening of the tooth . learn about other dental problems with dentures from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
what is the beastie rap game in improv classes ? learn how to play improv games in this free video on theatre acting .
how to play cymbals with french grips ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on music theory and playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
video production is easy if you have the right equipment . learn how to set up a new camera in this free video clip about the basics of a canon xh a1 video camera .
mandolin is an instrument that could fit in almost any genre of music including bluegrass . learn a bit about bluegrass music and playing it in the key of d from a mandolin expert in this video .
ikkyo is a great aikido technique to use against an opponent that pushes you in the chest . watch this free video clip and learn how to avoid and take down an opponent as they try a wrist grab wrist grab .
when watercolor painting orchid blossoms , stop work on the edges to create more density . learn more density painting blossoms using watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
what is a jump rope mat in boxing ? learn how to train for boxing by jumping rope in this free training video on exercises for boxers .
take a portrait with your camera at home . learn how to take portrait photos with the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
after shampooing and conditioning your hair , use a towel to remove moisture . learn to condition your hair from a professional hairstylist in this free hair care video .
learn how to use compression in music with home recording studio equipment . get tips on how to direct a recording session in this free video .
the sixth note in the g harmonic minor scale on violin is an e flat ( eb ) with the first finger . play the sixth note of the g minor scale with a violin instructor in this free video violin lesson .
when both of your arms are free of a grab it is important to reflexively defend yourself . learn how to defend against a double wrist grab with an edged weapon in this free martial arts video .
learn how to choose the best dvd format for your family reunion in this free home movie video .
learn how to cut celery to cook cajun recipe crawfish etouffee in this free online video lesson .
when oil painting a portrait , use burnt umber and blue paints to extend and strengthen the eyes . learn more about shading and oil painting from a professional artist in this free painting video .
the praying mantis pressing block using an open hand is done using a palm with a flat palm . use a prayingmantis press block with tips from a black belt instructor in this free kung fu video .
in fashion design , a linen tuxedo will often feature button covers and cuff links . learn to look for a linen suit from a fashion designer in this free fashion tailoring video .
keep the hip adductors , inner thigh muscles and the glutes engaged when performing circuit training lunges with overhead shoulder presses . learn more about this exercise from a certified personal trainer in this free workout video .
yoga 's body sculpting benefits pregnant women who have three babies . get tips for restoring your abdominal strength and legs from a yoga expert in this free yoga video .
writing rap music can be difficult . learn how to write a good rap song in this free video clip .
how to gather and use the proper size curling irons for styling a curly hair up-do ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn about flexible hapkido martial arts weapons in this free martial arts video from our expert master david herbert .
pregnant women should get more protein , essential fatty acids , and dha 's . learn more about pregnancy nutrition in this free health clip from registered dietitian .
think about what tricks flow well into others when trying different juggling routines . learn how to combine tricks when juggling three balls in this free hobby video .
always hand sand a bowl before sanding it . learn more about sanding a wood bowl with hand sanding tips from a woodturning expert in this free crafts video .
learn how to use shaving cream and hair conditioner to shave legs with expert grooming tips in this free hair removal video clip .
when diagnosing a car cooling system problem , identify that the problem is usually caused by the inability to open the car 's thermostat . check the temperature of a radiator and hose when a car is overheating with help from an auto mechanic in this free video on car repair and diagnostics .
how to center clay for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
eyelash tinting is a procedure that involves seeking a professional to perform a procedure similar to coloring your hair . protect the eyes and use vaseline around the area of the eyes to protect them from exposure with tips from an experienced cosmetologist in this free video on beauty .
do the bo staff cross strike technique starting with the yin and yang grip . get bo staff technique tips for doing a cross strike in this free video on bo staff techniques .
to fix a flat tire on a bike , undo the valve stem , remove the valve cap and let most of the air out before removing the tube tube to free up the rest of the body . repair a flat bicycle tire with tips from a bicycle mechanic in this free video on bike maintenance and repairs .
non-fiction books can be an excellent learning tool for kids , learn how to teach children to read by reading aloud in this free child-development video .
the rainbow kick is a sweet soccer move you can learn to get by the defender , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills and tricks in this free video .
learn about the push pull method of a .40 caliber semi automatic pistol in this free firearm use and handgun maintenance video for gun owners .
learn how to add wine to make picadillo con arroz with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
 sweep picking is an interesting guitar technique that you can incorporate into your b minor progression . learn to play sweep picking in b minor from a seasoned musician in this free guitar video .
how to use the mountain range in your wall mural painting to create an atmospheric perspective ; learn this and more in this free online painting video about wall murals taught by expert artist ian loveall .
to drill a hole in wood , place a wooden drill bit in forward position , push down and pull the trigger to open the hole . drill holes in wood with tips from a construction specialist in this free video on home repair and maintenance .
to create pink lemonade , first add vodka , sour mix and cranberry juice to a highball glass . create this wonderful alcoholic beverage with tips from a bartender in this free video on bartending drinks .
wine and cheese often go great together . learn how to pair wine and cheese from a professional writer , speaker and sommelier in this free culinary video .
rock drum beats can be simple but they can get very advanced with a few additions and off beats . learn some tips from a drum expert on how to do basic rock drum beats in this free video clip .
stage presence is a great tool for every performer to have under their belt . learn tips on how to improve your stage presence during a song from a professional performer in this free video .
learn how to use the whalebone glider artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
when doing bodybuilding push-ups , keep hands shoulder width apart and maintain good posture . use body weight when doing push-up exercises with tips from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
learn how to correctly and quickly read a half bend on guitar tabs in this free video series that will have you fluently reading guitar tab in no time .
the basic pieces of a hookah , including the base , shaft and grommet , are important for the smoke quality . learn about the different pieces used for making cigars in this free video on hookah smoking .
reading a guitar chord chart is a bit difficult but it can be very useful once you learn the basics . learn more about reading guitar chord charts from a professional musician in this free video .
for combat jujitsu , full shoulder rotation and dropping down brings the hand up to protect himself . learn more about street fight punches with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujiitsu .
belly dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn how to do press down exercises in this free video clip on egyptian dancing .
how to clean your face for applying high fashion makeup ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetics like you see in fashion magazines and fashion shows in this free beauty video .
the purl continental style needle is placed on the front of the needles , wrapped with the index finger , then threaded through the loop on the new needle . remove the old needle after the first stitch , returning it to the previous location , with instructions from an experienced knitter in this free video on knitting .
keep the back straight and hips square when shaking in this pep rally dance move . learn the first eight counts of great pep rallies in this free cheerleading and dancing video .
trying to find the right tools for your custom air intake installation ? learn how from our expert mechanic in this free auto-maintenance video .
starting with the glass pattern is one of the best ways to start cutting your stained glass . learn how to choose stained glass for a glass mosaic in this free video lesson .
adjusting the intensity and axis of lights in after effects . learn how to create lights using adobe after effects software in this free video editing tutorial from a film production professor .
learn how to do moshi-moshi greetings in japanese with expert foreign language tips in this free online foreign language video clip .
antonio lucio vivaldi was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play line eleven of this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video .
learn tips on how to read and write intervals on sheet music in this free video clip on music theory and music lessons .
watch and learn from our expert how to attach thread to your fly fishing hook in this free how-to video on fly tying tips and techniques .
in the at home version of craps you 're establishing a point and trying to hit it . learn how to play craps without betting in this free gaming video .
learn how to dry a car bumper before painting with expert painting tips in this free online car repair video clip .
ir iron deficiency is the main cause of restless legs syndrome . learn more about restless leg syndrome and treatments with expert tips from a science and health researcher in this free video about treatments .
ironing the back of a shirt pleat removes wrinkles and creates a nice new look . find out how to iron pleats into a shirt with expert tips in this free clothing care video .
try these tips for training your dog to do tricks on the walk . learn about how to prepare for dog trick training with tips from a professional dog trainer in this free pet care video .
martial arts movements are centered around eight directions . learn about these directional pattern movements from an aikido expert in this free video clip .
how to avoid drinking alcohol in menopause in this free medical video .
in order to erase everything from a computer , the best way to do that is to reformat a drive and reinstall the operating system . use a recovery disk or operating system to properly erase an erased image with instructions from an it and computer specialist in this free video on computer technology .
frisbee players can do arm brushes with practically any part of their body . learn how to do freestyle frisbee arm brushes from a world champion in this free sports video .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
learn how to smooth your wall before painting to blend in to the surface of the paint with this free video clip .
how to use channel volume with dj equipment ; get professional tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
learn how to add crayfish to cajun recipe crawfish etouffee in this free online video lesson .
bad habits can form when learning to ollie small things . get tips for avoiding mistakes while oollieing from a professional skateboarder in this free skateboarding video .
throwing a change-up in baseball is done by gripping the ball in the air and throwing it away from the pitcher 's hand to slow it down . master the wicked change with tips from a former major league baseball pitcher in this free video on baseball .
exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . here is a free video on bosu ball crunches to help you in your operation fit !
the naari gorong waiting move in senegalese sabar dancing is a twisted foot movement with a traditional rhythm . practice waiting moves with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video series on dancing .
wing tsun is a great kung fu technique to use when defending against a downward knife attack . find out more about psycho-style attacks from a professional martial artist in this free video .
organic gardening eliminates the use of chemicals and fertilizers because it uses a clean environment that does n't use chemicals . use organic gardening to get the best results with tips from a professional gardener in this free video on gardening .
learn how to dry the inside of a cappuccino mug in this free ceramics video lesson .
learn how to add backing to christmas tree angels in this free homemade ornament video from a christmas crafts expert .
choosing a pose for portrait photography is not as easy as one might think . learn about portrait photography poses from a professional photographer in this free photography video .
for quality speakers you will want to buy a quality amplifier for your car stereo system . learn more tips for picking out the ideal car stereo amplifier in this free auto electronics video .
everything you need to know about proper nutrition . learn how to shop for healthy foods to improve your diet and nutrition in this free video .
watch and learn from our expert how to do a front lunge core body exercise in this free fitness video on cross training core body exercises .
learn about visual flight rules , which are important for beginner pilots to master , in this free flying video .
peeling away a few inches at a time gives a unique shape to your wax sculpture . carve a rough head from wax with a professional artist in this free sculpting video .
when buying a computer , purchase a computer that is more affordable by giving room to expand and by looking at the quality of graphics cards and hard drive space . buy a computer with a higher price point by considering the gaming world with insight from a computer and technology specialist in this free video on computers .
pilates is one of the most popular workouts in the world today . learn tips on the spinal roll ups exercise for your workout in this free video clip .
whether you are buying a computer or a bottle cage , learn how to pick the right accessories for your bike in this free cycling advice video from a bike consultant at a renowned bicycle shop .
easy potpourri gifts for friends and family ! learn how to dry rose petals with expert tips on makingpourri in this free video clip .
learn about running the 800m sprint and how to break down with expert tips and advice in this free instructional video on running and training for the 400m sprint .
the ceebu jen rhythm in senegalese sabar dancing is based on a fast tec , tec and string pull combination . find out how to add a new rhythm to senegalses sabar dance with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video
keep kids entertained . learn how to make an apple tie balloon flower in this free childrens party entertainment video from an expert on twisting and folding balloon animals .
learn how to sew the ribbon and attach it to the shirt in this free clothing repair video from our mending and sewing expert .
learn how to use a succulent plant like tip cuttings in this free video clip on gardening .
the casino cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
learn japanese shiatsu massage to the back to relieve tension and stress with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
when trying to get shadows and skin tone , you 'll need to add the compliment of that orange tone . learn how to make a watercolor landscape with houses in this free painting lesson from a painting instructor and professional painter .
do n't know when to buy a dog ? it 's easier to plan a plan . learn about preparing your first dog in this free pet care video .
thick diamond grades are hard to see with the naked eye . learn more about clarity in diamonds in this free diamond video .
learn how to use a graveyard dirt base for a witchcraft demonstration in this free witchcraft for beginners video clip .
links on web pages can have text or images borders that must be understood . code button borders on an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
to pierce a naval , clean the area thoroughly , mark the location and use a genteen violet mark on the top and bottom of the piercing , remove clamps before inserting the needle and inserting a sterilized needle . begin piercing a naval with tips from a licensed piercer in this free video on body modification
the fruity loops sampler menu is great for manipulating samples . learn more about manipulating samples in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loop ) studio from an expert in music recording .
a facial massage will promote relaxation and help with puffy eyes , tense jawbones and lymphatic drainage . learn the benefits of spa facial massages from an esthetician in this free spa treatment video .
most major mattress brands include spring air mattresses , which have a four-season season and built with natural fiber throughout the mattress . learn more about the major brands of mattresses with tips from the owner of a mattress store in this free video on how to buy a mattress .
create an e-mail template in outlook 2007 by selecting the `` form '' option from the `` tools '' menu , then choosing the `` user templates '' option of outlook . find out how to create a new template for e-mails with outlook with the computer tips in this free video from an internet business consultant .
make your paper mache today ! learn how to paint letters for a beach scene in this free airbrushing video clip about beginning to airbrush .
weight-training for women is an excellent way to help fight diseases like osteoporosis and osteoarthritis . discover how to do compound weight-training exercises for woman with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video about weight-keeping programs .
learn the basic footwork for salsa dancing in this free instructional video on beginning latin dance .
learn how to make cloth grocery bags with expert crafting tips from an expert clothes designer in this green living and recycling video clip .
glue rhinestones to clothing carefully ; learn to embellish t-shirts and sweatshirts with jewels , plastic jewels and gems , in this free video .
how to hand sand wood ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on woodworking tools in this free instructional video .
as in any arts and crafts project , deciding on a design is very important and deciding on the size of the patch is the first step . design and create unique patch art with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
practice preparing new york steak with dijon recipe potatoes by preparing them in a tablespoon of oil . prepare potatoes with expert tips from a professional chef in this free video about steak dinners .
heads of broccoli should be green , but avoid ones that are too ripe . learn about picking out broccoli at a grocery store or supermarket in this free video on fruits and fresh produce .
throwing under the leg with the overhand wrist flip grip , in freestyle frisbee , is a very good throw to generate a lot of spin . learn more about how to throw under theleg with a overhand grip from a freestyle world champion in this free frisbees video .
learn how to use a light box to transfer photos in this free instructional video art lesson
the highlighting tool in pro tools can be used to shorten the length of a song 's last bars . learn how to use the highlighting tool of pro tools to edit midi information in this free music recording software video from a professional musician .
learn about basic slide guitar chords in this free dobro guitar video .
telescopes with finder scopes will allow the user to more easily find and identify objects over a telescope . learn more about finders for telescopes in this free home astronomy equipment video from a telescope designer and manufacturer .
learn how to add the wet ingredients for making mocha filled wonder cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
gripping a golf club properly is one of the most important things to do before teeing . know the right grip for a golf shot with tips from a golf instructor in this free video on golf .
exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . here is a free video on warrior one pose to help you in your operation fit !
double crunches involve both the upper and lower body . learn how to do a double crunch with stability balls in this free video clip from a personal trainer .
shoulder pain is very common , so use a foam roll on a regular basis to help alleviate pain . learn more about tips for relieving shoulder pain with tips from an exercise therapist in this free health video .
getting lean mass is possible with a healthy , well-balanced diet that includes plenty of fruits and vegetables . build lean body mass with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on ab exercises .
fleas come from the outside of the home , and it could be a potential problem with bedding or possible treatments . learn how to identify fleas and how to prevent them with tips from a veterinarian in this free video on pest control .
how to apply loose foundation powder for a gorgeous night time look ; get professional tips and advice on applying evening makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
snowboard types include woman 's boards , half-pipe specific boards and alpine boards . learn about the different types of snowboards with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free winter sports video .
learn how to add bacon for this smothered chicken with maque choux casserole in this free cooking video from our cajun expert .
wipe off the palms of your hands after using spray tan . learn how to handle spray tan equipment to get the spray tan off with tips from a beautician in this free sunless tanning video .
 blues music has a lot of different modes which can be played on the saxophone . learn how to play a blues scale in the key of a major from a professional saxophone player in this free music lesson video .
when massaging the trapezius muscles , use a gliding motion and avoid stress to avoid damaging the skin . learn more about massaging trapezio muscles from a masseur in this free massage video .
learn from our expert about the ingredients needed to make a cookie tree in this free recipe video on making your own holiday cookie tree .
how to touch up your goth makeup ; get expert tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
looking for new dance moves ? learn the brazilian samba forro dance step .
the cost of getting eyebrows waxed varies depending on the type of facility that will use the waxing process . find out how much eyebrow waxing will cost in this free video from an aesthetician about body waxing .
playing tight is a good way to drive home the point that you need to play tight . learn how to play five-card draw poker in this free gaming video .
to determine if muscle is fat or muscle , pinch the muscle inward or outward to pinch it and determine whether it will grow outward or droop with gravity . find out how often to use water tanks to check body fat percentages with tips from an experienced fitness and exercise guru in this free video on exercising .
how to use a dj mixer ; get expert tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
how to know which type of jeans are cheaper when shopping online ; get expert tips and advice on shopping for clothes on the internet in this free shopping video .
learn about how to begin homeschooling in this free home schooling video from an experienced teacher and education curriculum expert .
ahhh sample is probably seen in commercials , tv and popular hip hop music videos . learn how to get a feel for ahhh sample in this dj scratching lesson from a professional musician .
a paper crane card is a simple origami model that is fun to create anywhere . learn tips from an origami expert on how to finish folding this model in this free video clip .
collage glue sticks are excellent for quick adhes and travel . use glue sticks for collages with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
learn about muscle testing with tips from a certified and licensed massage therapist in this free online massage video clip .
putting orchids in a pot is a very important step . learn tips for potting a orchid in this free floral arrangement video clip from a professional florist .
want to make custom tshirts ? learn tips for making a stencil in this free video clip about how to paint a t-shirt with stencils .
understand how to clean a baby 's groin before giving it a bath in this free video on baby care , health and safety .
learn how to give a professional spa manicure in this free online instructional video series , including how to nip client cuticles .
learn techniques for determining barbie doll market value in this free toy collecting video .
playing mandolin scales is easy with these finger pattern tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
in kung fu , turn the body and bring the hands to the floor to perform the inside crescent kick and spearing kick combination . execute this powerful fighting combo with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
wiring a utility trailer requires a magnetic tray to hold all the fasteners . learn about other tools required for lighting on a trailer from a certified mechanic in this free automotive video .
learn how to stretch fingers for massage therapy using expert tips on massages in this free online video clip .
wearing gloves and goggles is essential for adaptive snow skiing . find out why people choose helmets and clothing for adaptive sports from an expert winter sports instructor in this free video .
how to season the meat for making authentic spicy acapulco chicken ; learn more about making traditional mexican and latin american food in this free cooking video .
add glitter to house plants at all times of the year . learn how to do this and more in this free gardening and green thumb video .
learn about 1/43rd and 1/25th model car sizes and which ones are right for you in this free video series that will having you building pristine model cars in no time .
a circular saw is also known as a skill saw , and is one of the most versatile tools in a kit . learn about the parts of a circular saw from an auto mechanic in this free car repair video .
blush adds color to your face . get tips for applying a natural blush in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
repairing drum pads is an important part of electronic drum repair ; learn how with tips from our expert drummer in this free drum electronic drum video music lesson .
mother duck is a popular children 's song that has many variations . learn the basic rules and how to play the song in this free video clip on playtime for kids .
fashion performance art needs to stay current and current . learn to be a current performance artist in this free conceptual art video .
to draw a gladiator-style shoe , create a thin sole and add lacing to the heel . learn to draw gladiator style shoes with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
the more traditional partial dentures have metal cast arms around the teeth . learn about different kinds of dentures from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
three great reference books to use as a massage therapist are books on massage therapy and medications , a reference guide to pathology and therapy . look back for anyone who has never heard of their medication in a massage session with advice from an experienced massage therapist in this free video on massage techniques .
use flanges and other effects to make your chorus sound like many other effects . learn how to create a chorus using flanges in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
home beer-brewing wort chillers come in two basic design differences . discover the differences between hose and counter flow wort chiller from a master brewer in this free video on beverage making .
how to chop onion for curry phyllo triangles ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic curry recipe in this free cooking video .
making a myspace headline is easy with these tips , get expert advice on myspace pictures , profiles , graphics and layouts in this free video .
get the proper ingredients to make indian pakora appetizers ; learn more about making traditional indian food in this free cooking video .
origami flower based on frog base . learn how to fold an origami iris in this free origami lesson from an expert origami artist .
how to trace your design onto your glass for a more realistic effect in your glass painting project ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson video about glass painting taught by expert jason painter .
learn what hands are not typically appealing in crazy pineapple poker in this free video series that will show you how to master this poker variation in no time .
there are four different batteries for hearing aids . learn how to care for a hearing aid from an audiologist in this free health video .
there are two ways to knit , the continental way and the american way . learn more about how to knit with tips from a professional knitting instructor in this free video about understanding knitting patterns .
how to cut the pork for making chinese hot and sour soup ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making traditional chinese recipes in this free cooking video .
learn how to throw uppercuts in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin karate instructor tony capraro .
if you have high blood pressure or low blood pressure , consulting a doctor is the first step to treatment . learn more about what blood pressure means with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
learn how to play kali and its uses , strategies and combinations , from a certified kali game expert in this free gaming video .
learn how to make italian stuffed shells pasta and more about making traditional italian food in this free cooking video .
ca n't scrape together the cash for a birthday clown ? no problem , let our expert show you how to make a balloon elephant in this free video clip .
learn how to prepare the garlic for your homemade garlic bread in this free video recipe .
how to finely chop spring onions ; learn more about green , yellow , and spring onions in this free cooking video .
to switch hands on nunchucks , bring the arm up and hold it at a 90 degree angle . switch hands over the shoulder with tips from a third-degree black belt in this free martial arts weapons video .
how to prepare your w2 and receipts online when filing your federal income taxes online in this free video tutorial .
learn how to knit increases in this free home hobby video .
the ukulele is a four-stringed instrument that has strings tied down similar to a nylon string guitar . learn to play the ukele from a professional musician in this free music lesson video .
want to help your child with their math lessons ? teach your kid how to count dots with dots with tips from a mathematics tutor in this free video lesson on math lessons .
moving to the right in boxing footwork . learn how to practice boxing techniques on a heavy bag , including combinations and stances in this free video on training for boxers .
when cleaning shower hardware , use a little elbow grease to loosen up dirt and wipe it down with a clean disinfectant cloth . clean shower hardware with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
the f stop controls the amount of light that comes into a camera to hit a film or sensor . learn how to use an f stop control in this free video on photography lighting techniques from a professional photographer .
learn how to move over walls in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
many cartoon flea drawings start with a weird armored shape . learn to draw cartoon fleas from a profession cartoonist in this free drawing video .
cook up some cracked wheat on your stove ; explore hot cereals and healthy alternatives to oatmeal in this free video on whole grain cereal tips .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
backup a computer hard drive by right-clicking the start button , going to the computer and selecting an external drive . restore computer hard drives with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
the history of cumbia dance is long and extensive . learn a bit about the history of the dance in this free dance lesson video .
breaking a dog 's bad habits begins with teaching them positive reinforcement , which encourages exercise , discipline and affection . prevent bad habits with a certified dog trainer in this free video on dog ownership .
learn about filters and tools used to create flesh texture in photoshop in this free computer graphics tutorial from a photoshop professional .
sometimes it 's pretty easy to make a slab without a slab roller . learn how to use a clay slab roller on the pottery wheel in this free video .
when massaging a child with earaches , use a blanket and warm water to relieve the discomfort . find out how to massage a child suffering from earaches with tips from a childcare specialist in this free video on massage .
have a few pots and pans handy for preparing this dish . collect utensils for cossack chicken with caramelized onions and spinach rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
beware of bugs ! learn how to use bait oil in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
learn how to do the shoulder pressure yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness lesson video .
get a walkthrough of the guard shack in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
the most important thing in selecting a child eyeglass frame is letting the child be involved in the process . learn about how to engage a child in the purchasing process in this free video on children and eyeglasses .
how to gather materials for making pottery ; learn this and more in this free video arts and crafts lesson taught by a pottery making expert .
draw the star lines on a paper lantern . light up a room by learning how to make a star-shaped paper lantern in this free crafting video .
after a newly-build skateboard is done , it needs to be tightened . learn how to tighten screws to your newly built skateboard from a professional skater in this free extreme sports video .
the components of an atom are situated in various designations . understand how each atom works with important facts from a science teacher in this free video on fundamental physics .
when designing coat rack base coat rack , leave about one inch around each edge to compensate for the limited amount of space . design a coat rack with tips from an industrial design teacher in this free woodwork video .
the musical saw can be played vertically or horizontally . learn how to hold a musical saw bow in this free online video music lesson on playing the singing saw .
designers choose layers based on shapes and figures . learn how to draw layers in adobe after effects software in this free video editing tutorial from a film production professor .
using the paint bucket tool , in photoshop , will help you add texture to your image . learn how to create a wood texture background from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
learn how to restart a mountain bike when mountain biking in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable off-road bike racer .
you can cut off the ends of your jeans to create a peekaboo window . learn how to make a peek-aboo play mat out of recycled jeans in this free crafts video .
fill in the background with black , in photoshop , if you want to add a little detail to your plastic text . learn to create plastic text for your liquid text from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
how to assemble your newly sharpened reel lawn mower ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on sharpening gardening tools in this free instructional video .
learn how to create a mosaic table for the potter 's wheel in this free ceramics video tutorial .
make a paper pirate hat using a newspaper base ; learn this and more in this free online arts and crafts video on making party supplies taught by expert ginny larson .
when threading facial hair , it 's helpful to take the thread and wrap it around the neck . discover other ways to thread facial hair with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on facial hair grooming .
learn the benefits of plymetrics from a health and beauty expert in this free agility training and fitness video .
the coil does n't break the fibers that twist the rope . learn about wrapping ropes in a coil in this free instructional video from an eagle scout .
try to keep makeup from going outside the line . learn how to apply natural mineral makeup eyeshadow in this free makeup tips video from a professional makeup artist .
in submission moves , ankle locks are done by putting the bone of the fore arm underneath the leg and pushing the leg back . use ankle locks in combat sports with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
there are several ways to attach a number of beads to a bracelet . learn how to attach number one beads to bracelets with tips from a felting expert in this free craft video .
not all teeth whitening products work . learn about the various products that can prevent root canals with dental health in this free oral hygiene video from a dentist .
america 's favorite appetizer ! learn about dessert for chicken wings in this free appetizer recipe from our professional chef .
practice the skateboard feeble to fakie before trying it . learn how to perform the feeble from a professional skateboarder in this free skateboarding video .
what is the weight of fly fishing line ? learn about fly fishing gear , supplies , and other equipment in this free video .
in jujitsu , defend against a headlock by tucking the head into the opponent 's chest and choking to the neck to force them to the ground . find out more about this defensive tactic with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on juji .
to fix an oven that is heating poorly , place the center element on the top and start the layers on the bottom , where all of the elements should turn a reddish color all the way around . remove screws to remove a heating element from the back of an oven with help from a home repair specialist and remod
learn how to draw eyelashes on cartoon girls in this free video art lesson on cartooning and drawing females .
tips on getting pictures as christmas gifts for co-workers in this free holiday video so that you take the guesswork out of office holiday party gift giving .
the image view mode on the canon eos 40d digital slr camera allows you to view several images at a time . learn how to view other image display modes with the canon lcd in this free canon photography lesson .
learn how to dress for a comedy show with expert stand-up comedy tips and techniques in this free comedy lesson video .
by looking at the clouds , children are learning how to read , even in the sun ; learn more reading tips in this free child-development video .
in kung fu , the horse stance is a stationary side-to-side movement that 's used for a lot of stability . practice the proper horse stance with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
selecting hosiery that does n't have hem lines or reinforcements requires choosing footwear that is clean at the foot line and has no lines or reinforcement . avoid hem lines and reinforcements when buying a shoe with open toes using ideas from an experienced retail shoe store manager in this free video on fashion .
learn all about the types of animals that you can make with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free balloon folding video clip .
the arizona sunrise is a mixed drink with tequila that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
watch as an expert bachelor explains how to date a supermodel in this free online video about attracting women .
side curls with a stability ball is a great ab workout . learn how to do side curls with tips from a fitness instructor in this free ab exercise video .
the major seventh chord is easy to play on the saxophone with the tips in this free video music lesson from a professional saxophone instructor .
learn how to defend against a head lock choke using bushido in this free martial arts video from a bushido expert .
cleansing the face for men 's facial hair is important . learn how to prepare the skin for facial waxing with tips from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
lose weight on a fat flush diet by working with the liver . eat healthy with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
exercises that improve coordination and balance are important for improving overall health . learn about improving balance with tips from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
learn how to choreograph your steps with some basic steps when dancing the mambo in this free video dance lesson .
how to pick the right greenery for making tropical flower arrangements ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
how to add fruit preserves to `` death by chocolate '' cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
when drawing a siamese cat , start with the nose in conte crayons to get the most prominent features . draw a siamee cat portrait with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free drawing and illustration video .
if a person has more than one car , they may get a discount by discussing the different kinds of vehicles , and if they do n't have a fleet of cars . discuss discounts for multiple cars while driving in this free video from a licensed insurance agent about automobile insurance information .
the eighth note in the a melodic minor scale on violin is an a natural with the fourth finger on the d string . play the eighth note of the a minor scale with a violin instructor in this free video violin lesson .
when traveling a woman , always wear safety precautions , such as umbrellas and t-shirts . travel safely with tips from an experienced travel guide in this free travel video .
it is important to be focused when performing a fakie smith stall . learn other common mistakes to avoid in this free skateboarding trick video from a sponsored skateboarder .
the zero toughness rule in `` magic : the gathering '' states that a creature with zero or less toughness is put in its owner 's graveyard . find out more about the zero creature magic rule from a certified judge in this free video on magic cards .
belly dance moves and spins can be difficult . learn how to find a good place to put a veil during your belly dancing routines in this free video lesson from a professional belly dancer .
in order to block yahoo ! email addresses , go to the `` mail '' tab , click on `` block addresses '' and then the `` add block '' button next to the text entry box . keep email addresses away from a computer with tips from an internet business consultant in this free video on internet tools .
learn how to form the teapot opening when making a porcelain tea pot in this free ceramics video lesson .
watch as an expert bachelor explains how to use time and attention to attract supermodels in this free online video about attracting women .
finding a computer processor on a computer is done by clicking right on the computer , selecting my computer and looking under the general tab . check a computer 's processor under the `` properties '' tab with tips from an it and computer specialist in this free video on computer technology .
the floor of a ceramic bottle will be the opening of the piece . learn how to form a clay floor with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
salt in food is a great match with acidic wines . learn the differences between salty foods and acidic wines in this free food and wine video .
learn how to fold the flower base into the frog base for an origami lily with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
create dramatic back lighting in portrait photography by bouncing white cards across the portrait of the subject . learn how to use white cards for back lighting with expertise from a professional photographer in this free photography video .
are you an arts and crafts nut ? here is a great free video about how to glue mosaic pieces .
massage the entire arm , including the shoulder and deltoid muscles , with tips from a traditional chinese medicine practitioner in this free instructional video on massage .
in kickboxing , perform the straight , lead , uppercut and step through combination to work on using the waist . practice this striking attack sequence with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
never let her go without a pen in the armpit for her prank ! learn how in this free video on office pranks .
learn how using the music business registry can help you get a record deal , or recording contract in this free online instructional video .
hemming the excess threads when sewing a unitard is important if you want to make a fashionable unitard for sports or activities . learn to make unitard homemade sweaters from a professional seamstress in this free sewing video .
practice playing a sample game of `` ship , captain and crew . '' learn how to play the dice game , `` voyages , '' in this free gaming video .
how much work can a piano take ? learn this and more in this free video lesson about musical instruments taught by a piano tuning and care expert .
make sure your ice fishing hand is ready for catching fish . learn more about ice fishing preparations in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
learn chest and back yoga stretches to improve your health and fitness level if you are overweight in this free online video lesson for beginning yoga .
learn how to cut male eyebrows in this free men 's hygiene and grooming video clip .
adding the kasha and vegetable broth to the mixture you 've made together ; learn this and more tips and preparation tips in this free online cooking video from chef donn ovshak , expert chef !
learn how to do hip rolls for prenatal yoga from our expert on fitness for expecting mothers in this free exercise video prenatal yoga poses and tips .
learn how to increase the speed and angle when shooting spit wads with expert tips in this free online video clip for kids and students .
the proper way to load an archery bow and arrow is discussed in this free archery video lesson .
as with any crafts project , making bracelets out of pants can be a bit tricky . learn tips on how to sew a bracelet from a clay expert in this free video clip .
learn the technique for a two handed over shoulder shoulder throw in this sports video from our professional black belt instructor on judo for children .
confidence and vulnerability are two of the best parts of being a performer . learn how to improve your performance by building confidence and vulnerability from a professional performer in this free performer video .
want to start your acting career ? learn how to have accents in your on camera audition in this free video clip from a casting director .
use open hand to avoid damaging eyes when doing praying mantis fighting pressing block high low strike . learn how to do prayingmantis kung fu pressing blocks in this free martial arts video from a black belt instructor .
a dry cleaning kit can keep clothes from getting steamy . learn how to steam clean clothes from a professional cleaner in this free laundry washing video .
origami paper folding can be used to make a bird . make an origami paper bird with folding instructions from a graphic artist in this free video on japanese origami .
how to use several brushes for silkscreening your own t-shirts ; get professional tips and advice on screen printing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free silky video .
the ear is a very important feature of a wax sculpture . carve a head out of wax with a professional sculptor in this free video sculpting lesson .
how to use drugs and alcohol to survive a prison sentence in this free video clip .
how to attach the lag nut to the wall socket . learn about cleaning and installing air filters in this free home maintenance video .
an angelique is one of the easiest tulips to recognize . learn how to identify springtime flowers in bloom from a sustainable gardener in this free video .
diving boards can be cleaned using a scrub brush at the end of the season and free of debris . learn more about how to clean a diving board from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
html allows web designers to align text in tables with simple html commands . code aligned tables on an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
put a pin tool on the wheel when making ceramic mugs . learn how to center a mug when throwing a mug from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
learn the tree hugger pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
start by drawing the upper body . learn how to draw a cartoon man standing in underwear in this free cartoon drawing video lesson featuring a professional cartoon artist .
reading bass clef notes involves thinking about the alphabet , starting with the f note at the piano and going down in reverse order to remember the names of each line . read bass cleff notes with tips from a pianist , singer and songwriter in this free video on musical tips .
the egyptian belly dancing costumes consist of two sides , one front and one back . learn more about belly dance costumes with tips from a belly dancer in this free dance lesson video .
learn how to write a front story headline in this free journalism training course on video .
professional photography cases are great for handling the equipment of your camera . get tips for using a case for your camera in this free video clip about professional photography lighting and equipment .
how to know what water levels on a washer are . learn how to wash jeans and other clothing items in this free video .
when creating a comic book character , start by drawing the body of the hero to give it a distinct look and pattern . design a super hero with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
when executing a downward facing stomach slash in stage combat , accentuate the movement of the target that was being attacked . learn how to do unarmed stage combat from a certified actor in this free theater video .
how to take contact lenses out in this free eye care video .
beginning with the lights is an excellent way to start covering the hair when oil painting a portrait . learn more about starting the hair from a professional artist in this free painting video .
caring for hair extensions involves washing them in a mild , soapy water and letting them dry in low-lights to achieve a unique look . take care of hair extensions with tips from an experienced hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
here are some tips on how to use face paints for your party in this free video clip .
use water when watercolor painting orchid blossoms to add color and dimension . learn more about creating blossoms using watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
keep your audience guessing . learn about the uses of your hands in improv to build a character in this free video on theater acting techniques .
learn about doing butterfly flow pose for prenatal yoga in this free pregnancy exercise video from our expert on fitness for expecting mothers .
learn how to sweep and dust the floor to prepare a room for painting in this free diy home improvement video .
overhead triceps extensions are a more intense workout and tubing or resistance bands are a great workout tool to use to increase intensity . learn how these are done and their benefits from a health and fitness expert in this free video clip .
practice kicking for the freestyle stroke by using a kickboard and a noodle . an expert swimmer shows how in this free beginners swimming video lesson .
use a thumb plunge technique for a ceramic sake set to add designs to a clay piece . learn about thumb plunging with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
breast implants are used to enhance women 's breasts in order to add fullness and weight . learn about breast augmentation procedures in this free cosmetic surgery video .
using the nose as a vital point is one of the easiest and most effective attacks against an attacker . learn how to do the nose attack defense technique in this free video clip from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
a shoulder stand yoga pose helps create a feeling of length in the spine . learn assisted yoga poses like the shoulder stand from an instructor in this free yoga video .
learn the meaning of the kithkin mourncaller green card and how to play it in 'magic : the gathering ' in this free game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
remember to cut the neck off when making a pattern ; learn how to make a pattern from your favorite t-shirt in this free video on fashion design and sewing .
the spindle gauge woodturning tool is used to turn different things than the bowl gauge . learn more about the differences between spindle gauges and wooden turning tools in this free woodworking and wood project series from an expert carpenter .
do n't keep your body straight up when pounding with your elbows . learn how to do pounding waves in intermediate hip hop dancing .
testing for blood pressure should be relaxed for about 15 minutes before taking a blood pressure reading . learn more about resting blood pressure readings with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
telemarketers can be helpful to their clients due to their knowledge of systems . become a telemarketing specialist with tips from a professional telemarketer in this free career video .
the screws that go into the plastic only are actually the bolts that hold the brushes on . learn how to load the voltage regulator from a certified mechanic in this free automotive video .
when bearings are applied to skateboard wheels , use abeck five bearings . bearings can be applied to the wheels of a skateboard from an avid skateboard enthusiast and rider in this free video on skateboards .
learn about tofu stew in korean with expert cooking tips in this free korean cuisine video clip .
learn how to identify the age of an old dog in this free video .
how to spoon out rice for making korean kimchi chigae stew ; learn more about making traditional korean food in this free cooking video .
how to apply bronzer for applying a carmen electra makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
if you have fleas on your cat , learn how to comb a cat to remove fleas and ticks in this free cat care video from a pet grooming specialist .
the turntable arm holds the head , which holds the cartridge . learn the parts of a record player arm from a professional musician in this free hip hop video .
get a free saxophone lesson on playing the g major scale in this saxophone demonstration performed by a professional saxophone player .
for shrimp with tarragon-onion sauce , take half of the lettuce that you had cut earlier and place it over the butter with the minced rosemary . add rosemary , onions and garlic for shrimp with ginger-scallion fried rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts
do you hear the rhythm in everything you do ? learn how to play different sounds with expert tips and advice on bucket drumming in this free video .
learn how to use a nebulizer mask with expert medical tips in this free vaporized medicine video clip .
easter wish cards are great for easter . use stamping on easter wish cards with tips from a scrapbook demonstrator in this free easter crafting video .
in `` magic : the gathering '' state-based effects are the way of cleaning up the game , but usually does n't have very many effects . understand the effects of state-by-state in ``magic :the gathering '' from a certified judge in this free video on magic cards .
learn how to use a down block in kempo karate in this free martial arts video from our second degree black belt expert william joseph hill .
using the right color in the right spot will produce the best effect . learn how to identify greens with pastel paint in this free painting lesson from a professional artist .
the biggest fear of people is speaking in front of other people . learn some tips on how to avoid this fear from a professional performing and touring musician in this free video .
learn how to sew on shell trim when making a shower curtain with expert sewing tips from a seamstress in this free crafting video clip .
improvising can be as simple as writing a melody . learn how to write a song in this free music video .
learn how to keep momentum while turning while hula hooping in this free hula hoop workout video .
the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn a 3rd degree c major scale arpeggios on it in this free video clip series .
learn how to get the stress out of your homemade challah bread by adding some flour from our expert in this free recipe video on making traditional baked goods .
learn how to trim the feet of your dog in this free video .
developing a music demo can be difficult . learn how to develop your own demo from a professional musician in this free video .
ever wonder why you should make a face mask ? get tips on making the own face masks in this free video clip from a professional beauty consultant .
bubbles and vinegar are great for foam decorating , but what if they are explosive ? learn what ingredients and materials you need for decorating foam in this free video .
learn how to do new york walk dance steps in the hustle in this free dance lesson video .
want to learn how to tango dance ? well , it 's easy to wear shoes in this free dance lesson video from a professional dance instructor .
drawing a circle in perspective uses diagonals to draw the center of the circle . draw circles in correct perspective with an artist in this free video art lesson .
you want to keep the wire armature at a double layer because it will allow it to hold on a little bit better . learn how to make paper mache lizards from a professional art instructor in this free crafts video .
learn how to use hand claps to syncopate on the piano in this free exercise video clip .
play r & b drum shuffles with ghost notes with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
diamond do turbo supplement fills out the yu-gi-oh card graveyard . learn the advantages of diamond do turbo card in this free video on playing the card game of yujigoh .
troubleshoot a dishwasher by unscrewing the screws that hold it down and cleaning the basket and drain line , making sure the washer rotates freely and checking the drainage line . find out how to clear debris from a dishwater , which could be a form of grease , with tips from
growing sunflowers is as easy as planting seeds in a plain potting mix or trays with a sprinkler mix that sprinkles strong-smelling vermiculite over the plant . start growing sunflower plants with tips from a professional gardener in this free video on gardening .
give your old jeans new life ! learn how to iron when converting jeans into bell bottoms in this free clothing alteration video .
motorcycle helmets can be used in fashion design to enhance the look of a motorcycle model . draw motorcycle helmets with a fashion designer in this free fashion illustration video .
how to prepare the amber beer malt and specialty grains for home brewing amber beer ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video series .
using a stiff brush to create a tree for your glass painting ; tips , tricks and techniques to change your old framed glass into new art pieces in this free online art lesson about painting taught by david a. clemen .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
want to enhance your garden with garden art ? learn all about garden art from a expert in this free gardening video .
learn how to shape the face when making a beaded ball in this free video art lesson .
watch and learn how to plate and garnish your crepe from our expert baker in this free cooking video on making easy crepe recipes .
learn how to properly hit cymbals in this free video series that will teach you how to strategically set up your band and musical equipment for a performance .
midi cables allow the use of external sound cards and controllers . learn more about midi cables from a professional audio engineer in this free music recording video .
as a running back in american football , there are a few simple moves that can help you avoid falling over obstacles . get tips on how to do simple jumps in this free football video lesson on how be a star running back .
doing an overhead throw is easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
vocal self-care is important to maintain a good sound through everyday activities like drinking , partying and singing . learn more about how to care for your voice with tips from a professional singer in this free video on vocal health .
pilates is one of the most popular workouts in the world today . learn tips on how to do the knee drop pose for your workout in this free video clip .
trim the walls of a ceramic bowl to remove fingerprints and smooth the surface . learn how to thin bowl walls with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
do you want to go out to dinner in portugal ? learn common terms for dinner and conversational speech in portuguese in this free language lesson video taught by a language expert .
what 's the best way to use a steam machine for ironing ? learn about steamers and other tips on laundry and clothing care in this free video .
potters open clay on the pottery wheel by pressing down on the clay to create a hole for a platter . learn how to open a clay hole on a potter 's wheel in this free ceramics video .
expert pool maintainer talks about the importance of using pool skimmers when cleaning and maintaining your swimming pool with expert tips on pools in this free pool maintenance video clip .
ryote tori tenchinage splits the opponent 's energy and allows them to throw them down . learn how to do the advanced aikido technique ryote dori koshinage in this free martial arts training video featuring a 4th degree black belt .
ingredients for thai basil chicken include thin-sliced chicken breast , cilantro , scallions , red pepper and eggplant . gather ingredients for this chicken recipe with tips from a chef in this free cooking video .
with the nunchucks nunchuck , you can turn a thumb spin into a finger spin . learn the thumb spin from a taekwondo expert in this free martial arts video .
always start a snow ski jump with feet shoulder width apart . learn how to stop a ski jump from an experienced snow skier in this free winter sports video .
learn how to cook a tequila shrimp recipe in this free cooking with alcohol class on video .
improve your tae kwon do skills by learning the 540 tornado kick with expert tips in this free martial arts video .
tents can help you reduce the weight while hiking , which can make you lose weight while camping . learn how to pick a tent for your camping trip in this free video .
how to store a band saw properly after using it ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on how to use tools for band saw repair and maintenance in this free instructional video .
the king snake is known to eat other species of snakes quite frequently . see a black mexican king snake with tips from a reptile specialist in this free video on exotic pets .
how to play ii minor chords for jazz piano in the key of f major ; learn this and more in this free online video jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
there is a great exhibit in the city . learn how to do sign language around the town in this free education video .
mental preparation in gymnastics is important to execute difficult moves . learn about mental preparation with tips from a gymnastics coach in this free gymnastics video .
learn the importance of the witch of endor in this free witchcraft for beginners video clip .
analyzing a table of contents will help you learn where to find the best parts of a report . learn how to write a table-of- contents with tips from a communications and public speaking expert in the free instructional video .
taking a charge is one of the most fundamental and essential defensive skills in basketball . take a charge in basketball with tips from a basketball coach in this free video on basketball defense .
learn the pros and cons of selling music and the cons of making a cd in this free musical performance video lesson .
pilates is one of the most popular workouts in the world today . learn how to stretch your wrists for a better workout in this free video clip .
professional budget advice you ca n't miss ! learn how to evaluate your budget for personal finances in this free online video tutorial .
using html is a great way to edit text on a myspace page , since html is just a few clicks away . code text on myspace with information from a work flow manager of a software development company in this free video on computers .
use a palm sander to sand off excess tape . learn how to sand paper for a texas-shaped coaster in this free wood crafts video from a professional carpenter .
find out if it 's time to use herbicides in this free video clip on pesticide application .
learn how to mount photos onto poster board in this free art collection and hobbies video .
learn how to do a reverse forehand punch in this free frisbee video .
just enough slack in the clip to connect the toilet trip lever . learn how to replace a toilet flapper with tips from a kitchen and bathroom remodeling expert in this free home improvement video .
the 4th note in the b melodic minor scale on violin is an e natural . play the first note of the b harmonic minor scale with a violin instructor in this free video violin lesson .
the chopping back massage technique is a great way to massage the back muscles . learn more about chopping the back in thai yoga massage with tips from a yoga instructor in this free massage therapy video .
the pull down is used in hip hop dancing for pulling the body weight forward . learn the pull down hip hop dance move in this free aerobic dancing video from a choreographer .
if a player is satisfied with his score , then he has a score of zero . learn how to play fourteens solitaire in this free gaming video .
learn how to iron the sleeve when ironing your shorts in this free clothing care video from our professional wardrobe expert .
in kung fu , extend the arm out in front of the body to make the palm shape with the thumb and bend it to the side of the hand to perform a palm formation . develop the palm technique with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
the low crawl drill helps a paintball player to practice his skills . learn about drills for paintball in this free paintball lesson from an experienced player and strategy expert .
watch an expert martial artist explain and perform a cartwheel in an aerial in this free video clip .
watch as an expert woodworker demonstrates how to flatten the sides of a wood chair in this free online video about making a beer tap .
the three point stability position is an advanced exercise that will help you improve your stability and build strength in the core of your body . learn how to do the three point in core training in this free core training workout video .
exploring different variations of half-time shuffle drum patterns is a great way to get a feel for the game . learn more about keeping the high hat open during the shuffle from a professional drummer in this free video .
use chair yoga to help people with disabilities by performing a few meditative exercises . learn a meditative exercise with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on chair yoga .
learn when to swing the bat right handed in this free baseball coaching video from an expert softball and baseball coach .
in kung fu , perform the downward forearm block and same hand counter to counter-attack an opponent 's backhand attack . find out more about this powerful fighting maneuver from a black belt instructor in this free martial arts video .
best way to chop ginger for paneer masala to enhance the flavor of this traditional indian dish ; learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation of chicken and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
learn how to add water and make sure the snowman will last longer when building a snowman with tips from a winter recreation expert in this free winter fun video .
using enthusiasm in your on-screen speech is a great way to add vitality to your words . learn how to give on- screen interviews with professional screen coach aimy kersey in this free media video .
before you start a project , you want to know how many beads you 're going to need . learn how to choose a focal bead for a window in this free craft video about making beaded window valances .
antonn leopold dvorak was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
in kung fu , scrape the floor to form a low kick when performing the upward circular block , lead punch and low kick combination . execute this fighting combo with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
be sure to follow the spirit of the rules . learn about the rules of paintball in this free paintball lesson from an experienced player and strategy expert .
how to touch up the meat on the large pot for making empanadas ; learn more about traditional spanish , portuguese , and latin american food in this free cooking video .
tone the core and leg muscles with back develope . learn to warm-up for modern dancing with develope exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
learn how to do the down dog yoga pose from a yoga expert in this free exercise video about using props in yoga workouts .
diving can be a fun and exciting game as well as great exercise . learn how to rip with your hands from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
scrape the excess clay of a ceramic sake plate to smooth out the edges . learn to scrape a plate with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
how to use a wire wheel on a bench grinder ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sharpening tools , shaping and polishing metal in this free instructional video .
how to find cheap aquariums for cheap ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for fish and reptiles in this free instructional video .
learn how to feed four and five year olds healthy food in this free video on children 's nutrition .
take the warrior one pose and move on to the warrior three pose . learn advanced sun salutation poses from a certified instructor in this free yoga video .
massage therapy can be performed to relieve the pain in strained or tender areas of the shoulder . discover massage techniques to treat the shoulder with help from a massage therapist in this free video on massage therapy .
make sure the screw is winding right with the bend of the wire . learn how to replace a tailgate from a certified professional in this free automotive video .
using double stops on the saxophone will help you learn the passage . learn about the benefits of double stops in the music of ivan galamian in this free violin lesson from a professional violinist .
using art helps build energy in a relationship . learn about love and relationship motivation from a communications expert in this free relationship advice video .
when drawing comic characters , it 's important to get into a dynamic position so that details can be achieved . draw comic characters with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
 romantic relationships are great for people who love books and movies . get into a romantic relationship with tips from an author of a book on dating in this free video on interpersonal relationships .
help if the ball gets deep . learn how to play the middle man opposite the post as a zone defense in this free youth basketball lesson from an experienced head coach .
when dancing the charleston dance , resting on the side helps to allow for better contact with the pulse . hold the pulse correctly for the ceebu jen pattern with tips from two dance instructors in this free video on core flow vinyasa yoga .
dismount a ceramic vase from the potter 's wheel using a wire tool . learn about ceramic dismounts with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
using construction paper is a great way to make your background come alive . learn how to use construction paper for your diorama background in this free crafts video .
distractions are a b-ball skill for the defensive player . learn how to avoid distractions with tips from an experienced basketball player in this free video on basketball defense .
the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn the string names of a violin in this free video clip series .
the zen yoga dragon lunge is a great stretch to open the muscles in the hips and hamstrings . learn more about the dragon lungy pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
the reverb guitar effect makes it sound as if you are playing the guitar is a large room , hall , auditorium , or studio . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
learn the meaning of the kithkin mourncaller green card and how to play it in 'magic : the gathering ' in this free game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
switch your left foot to the right for the lunge back with pop . learn advanced hip hop funk choreography from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
handling your hermit crab properly is important for the crab to stay safe and happy . learn how to handle hermit crabs with tips from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
not dispose of used antifreeze in the storm system , in the sewers , on the ground or in an open container . learn about the local laws to help dispose of garbage with tips from a former highway patrolman in this free law enforcement video .
how to properly tune a guitar by ear when you restring it ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
a rabbit 's nails can be trimmed only every three months . trim rabbits ' nails with tips from a veterinarian in this free video on rabbits and pet care .
in gymnastics , clean up the handspring and bend the knees to add variety . learn more about clean handsprings and tumbling from a professional gymnastics coach in this free video .
the eagle pose , in yoga , is a great exercise for increasing stability and improving balance . learn more about the eagle pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free exercise video .
if someone grabs you , they need to feel the pain immediately . escape from a front choke hold with tips from an eight-degree black belt in this free martial arts video .
rag paper is a cheaper alternative to regular paper . learn about different types of calligraphy paper from a calligrapher in this free art video .
learn how to wimpy juggle balls from an expert in this free juggling video .
the way you enter your home is very important to the feng shui way . learn a few ways to decorate the outside of your home from a feng tui expert in this free home decor video .
learn how to finish a red carpet event and get professional tips and advice on red carpet fashion styles in this free instructional video .
if you have very sensitive teeth , quick and easy teeth whitening can be very damaging to your teeth . learn how to use in office products to whiten your teeth from an oral hygienist in this free dental care video .
sherry and sesame oil are combined for the sauce for the chicken . make sauce for cantonese chicken with ginger-scallion fried rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
the zen yoga qigong move is a very relaxing move that should draw the hands up and out to the side . learn tips on how to do this move correctly from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
the faceless butcher card in `` magic the gathering '' is a virtual card that has no other characteristics than the text it creates . get expert tips and advice on video and computer games in this free video .
compuhost karaoke software has an easy way to start and finish a sing-it-yourself routine . learn how to use compuhost software to host karoke shows in this free tutorial video .
the bulb life will drastically reduce if you touch the glass . learn how to replace a car 's headlights in this free video on auto repair .
lumber mill operation generally consists of about 65 full-time employees . learn more about the operation of a lumber mill from a woodturning expert in this free crafts video .
how the flow of different elements in a wall mural will direct the viewer 's attention ; learn this and more in this free online painting video about wall murals taught by expert artist ian loveall .
the object of the solitaire variant clock is to beat the kings . learn how to play clock solitaire in this free card games video .
before painting a house door , it 's important to determine if the paint is oil-based or latex-based before applying . paint a home door with tips from a heating , ventilation and air conditioning ( hvac ) certified technician in this free video on home repair .
learn how to control your portion control to improve human longevity with expert medical advice in this free online health and fitness video clip .
a person with high blood sugar has a lot of confusion , which can affect their sexuality . learn what high blood sugars can do for someone with type i diabetes in this free health video from a nutritionist specializing in diabetic diets .
sculpt details to a plaster sculptures will add lots of detail to your piece . learn how to chisel details on plaster sculptures in this free art lesson video .
the nintendo wii was invented in a japanese corporate headquarters on the day of the game cube 's release . discover the history of the wii , which included the nintendo ds and mii 's avatars , with help from a digital technology specialist in this free video on the n
learn about types of potatoes in this free video on home gardening .
keep your weight on your front foot when doing your heel toes with a hop . learn how to warm up for tap dancing with heel toes in this free video lesson from a dance teacher .
the main thing to consider when buying a video camera is what it is used for . find out how to choose between professional and semi-professional videography cameras with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photography .
learn about the various types of thermometers that can be used to take an accurate reading of the body 's temperature with expert medical tips from a trained doctor in this free health care video clip .
toe holds are very painful and can be done against an opponent who controls them by putting all their weight on them . do toe holds with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
scratching is a normal behavior that cats do , so you can enrich their environment by providing scratching posts . learn how to provide scratching posts for cats from an animal shelter worker in this free video on introducing cats to new homes .
increase upright bass skill with minor scales . learn about playing upright bass d flat major scales and arpeggios in this free stringed instrument video from a jazz and classical bassist .
the reverse plank pose in yoga is a strength pose for building core strength , the biceps and triceps . learn more about the reverse plank yoga pose with tips from yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
knitting hats , like toboggan or beanie , are shaped like traditional hats but with folded-up parts . draw knit hats with a fashion designer in this free fashion illustration video .
one secret to human longevity is to eat whole grains . find out how whole grains impact longevity with expert tips from a science and health researcher in this free video about improving human longevity .
learn how to pick a spotter for cheering , jumping and tumbling with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video on advanced cheerleading jumps and tumbles .
in djembe drumming , the bottom ring should be treated with the same knot as the top ring . tie bottom and middle rings of a djmbe drum with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on djemba drum repairs .
to treat dandruff , first analyze the scalp to determine if it is white and flaky , and then apply a lemon juice and peanut oil mixture to the scalp . dry the scalp with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
 loading a snow machine on a trailer after using the asphalt surface is discussed in this free snowboarding video from a professional snowboarder .
find out which shampoos are best for both cats and dogs in this free video .
do n't over tighten bolts when installing a radiator . learn about reinstalling a car radiator in these free auto repair video instructions .
in a great aikido exercise the leg should be pointed down to the side instead of the ceiling to prevent cramping . learn more about the proper way to use a bow drill to strengthen the legs with tips from a martial arts expert in this free aikian breathing exercise video .
add images to a myspace profile by copying the photo code and pasting it into one of your myspace photos album . find out more about how to add images to myspace profiles with tips from a professional myspace designer in this free video about social networking websites .
start a horse 's massage by raising the head and pressing down gently . learn how to massage a horse with tips from an equestrian team coach in this free video on horseback riding .
free polka dance lessons ! learn the foot work steps you 'll need for domino polka dancing in this free dance lesson video .
putting the first tennis ball to the net can help you improve your game . learn how to get ready for a game situation in tennis with various drills and training techniques in this free video lesson .
increase your energy with these yoga poses . learn how to do the bridge yoga pose to ease symptoms of fibromyalgia in this free medical treatment video from a professional yoga instructor .
do n't choke up their mailbox with a lengthy attachment . learn e-mail etiquette and popular e-mails in this free communications video .
the number four is a key part of the sail making process . get expert tips and advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
when setting up a ice fishing pole , try to keep the line tight but not to let the line hold down . discover how to catch a fish using ice fishing hooks in this free fishing video from the owner of a fishing tackle store .
before deciding on a bracelet size , check the wrist to see if it fits . find out how to decide on a size bracelet when making bracelets out of pants in this free video on bracelets .
learn how to do the heel toe puppet dance move from a professional dancer in this free online dance lesson and choreography video clip .
stretching out the arms , before playing ice hockey , is a good way to prevent injury . learn how to stretch out your arms from a professional hockey player in this free sports video .
perform the no-hand cartwheel without using any hands by practicing at a slow speed in order to improve jumping skills . practice performing a no-handed cartwheel with tips from a circus juggler in this free video on juggling tricks .
learn how to form wreath cookie dough with expert baking tips in this free holiday dessert video clip .
writing a h in calligraphy is a detailed process that can make or break your project . learn specific tips on how to write this letter to match the rest of your calligraphic project .
learn about cleaning supplies needed to clean a 226 9mm handgun in this free gun safety video .
staining a box with a blue stain will give it a nice , light shade of glue . learn how to stain a box to look old from a professional woodworker in this free home carpentry video .
learn how to book your kids a variety of different methods for reading to kids in this free home schooling and tutoring video clip .
to do equine massage on the horse 's abdomen it is important to only use the cupped hand . learn more about where to rub the equine abdomen with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse massage video .
making cheerleading hair bows is as easy as making a series of simple ribbons that match a team 's colors . make a cheerleading bow with tips from an experienced cheerleader in this free video on cheerleading accessories .
athletic unitards are great for runners , dancer , and athletes . learn to make a unitard for sports or activities in this free sewing video .
use effects separate from the filters in fl studio . learn about filters and effects in the sytrus generator in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
practicing is the best way to beatbox . learn tips for practicing in your car , on the street , and recording yourself to help develop your beatboxing skills .
learn how to practice balance for a bmx hang 5 with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
lean how to serve a macrobiotic meal in courses in this free online video on how to prepare healthy macrobiiotic food recipes .
the final deal in golf solitaire is dealt on a board with five cards face up and seventeen in hand . learn how to make a deal of four cards out of seven columns from a professional poker player in this free card video .
violin etudes are a great way to practice playing different styles of music . learn more about violin etudes from a professional violinist in this free music lesson video .
learn about little league baseball volunteers with expert tips on children 's sports in this free video clip .
before cleaning a shower , disinfect the casing to remove any build up or dirt . clean the shower casing with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
learn how to use google adsense to publish your own personal website and learn more about website design in this free instructional video .
a woodworking supply box can be used to make wooden garden planters . see how to connect the wooden stock to a table saw in this free woodworking video .
learn how much water you should consume and why staying hydrated is so important for leading a more active lifestyle in this free health and fitness video clip .
learn how to maintain your distance while parrying and parrying in stage combat during a play performance in this free professional acting video from our professional actor .
get whiter , brighter teeth with a laser whitening procedure . learn how dentists make teeth brighter in this free oral health video from a dentist .
add variance to the swing groove 15 drum beat by playing the snare drum on the and of three . learn more about the swing drum beat with expert tips in this free drumming video .
start with the color-scheme of the bridal shower tableware , not the patterned tableware . choose the right pattern-themed party tableware with tips from a party planner in this free video on weddings .
how to use the proper ingredients for roasted pepper and artichoke dip and get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic appetizer dip recipe in this free cooking video .
start adding the spices when oil is starting to evaporate . learn how to make curried onion and apple pork chops from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
learn about circuit bending and how it works in this free video series that will help you understand how and when to utilize this unique way of making music .
becoming a writer requires discipline and the mechanics of english literature through formalized education . become a writer with tips from a published writer in this free writing career video .
alpacas can be found on the internet and in local alpaca breeders . learn more about where to locate alpacas from our professional animal care manager in this free pet video .
the basic chain stitch in knitting is the stitch you need to know to start every pattern . learn how to crochet a bag from start to finish in this free crafts video .
making a bracelet from pants fabric can be tricky . design and create unique bracelets with tips and advice from an experienced musician in this free video .
stretch and strengthen your lower body with chi gong . learn how to do the forward bend in this free video clip about the benefits of qigong .
try different tempos for making rice from our expert chef in this free cooking video on making easy vegetarian recipes and meals .
to use an eye pencil , start in the center of the eye , pull the eye ever so close to the lash line and use a wiggling motion to deposit color under the lashes . avoid using a thick pencil when applying eye makeup with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this free video on skin care
pencil sharpeners for more delicate pencils will last longer . learn more about the types of pencil sharpers with tips from a communications and public speaking expert in the free instructional video .
vary your foot on a snowboard depending on which direction you are riding . get tips on the correct snowboard stance from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free extreme sports video .
when watercolor painting a house and church , use two different colors to paint the roof . find out more about painting the roof using watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
stretching the lower back is only limited by your imagination . learn how to stretch your lower back in pilates from a professional instructor in this free fitness video .
learn how to set up your torch to make wire sculptures and figures in this free video art lesson .
a burin jig is used to point a burin straight back and forth to check for sharpening spots . learn about burin sharpening with tips from a printmaker in this free printmaking video series .
learn how to play bass guitar scales in g flat on the fret board and basic scales in this free music video on playing g flat ( gb ) scales on bass guitar .
violin players can learn several hand and arm vibrato exercises . learn more about these violin exercises with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
standing on the ground , learn to warm-up for modern dancing with arm exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to clean terrariums in this free online video about reptile care .
start a wax sculpture by drawing the dimensions of the body . carve a human head from wax with a professional artist in this free sculpting video .
watch and learn from an expert how to warm up before running cross country in this free exercise training video on competitive cross country running .
the overhead shot is a good shot to use in squash . learn tips for hitting overhead squash shots in this free video from a squash instructor .
keep the weight on the toes and keep the legs straight on the back of the hamstrings when performing the hamstring stretch . learn how to do a hamstring stretch in pilates from a professional instructor in this free fitness video .
in baseball , on-base percentage , or obp , is calculated by dividing hits by at-bats , walks , hits by pitches and sacrifice flies . calculate baseball batting averages with tips from a swing mechanics analyst and hitting coach in this free video on baseball statistics and tips .
the full yoga breath is a relaxing pose for the mind and body . learn the yoga full breath with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
learn about safety procedures before painting a car with expert painting tips in this free online car repair video clip .
in calligraphy , the crossbar is an important part of the italic capital letter t. learn more about teaching kids how to write lowercase letters t through a crossbar from a calligrapher in this free art video .
growing st. john 's wart plants is easy with these tips , get expert advice on growing herbs and herbs in this free video .
what to look for when performing a colonic treatment in this free health video .
black grouper is a fish that is commonly found in the mexican aquarium . learn more about black grouper from a fish expert in this free video .
when performing a kickboxing front kick and rear leg round kick combination , begin with the hands in the fighting guard . practice this powerful attack sequence with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
learn the three types of customer service including talking to customers over the phone , dealing with people face-to-face and maintaining good appearance with expert training tips in this free online customer service training video clip .
learn how to put on the wand when installing your faux blinds in this free video clip .
tips for determining proper technique for making fried rice ; watch the chef first step for removing egg from stove in this free asian food cooking video .
blush is great for enhancing the eyes and increasing the appearance , applying a plum-colored blush to the apples of the cheeks and making sure that it is blended . maintain a beautiful blush that is simple to apply with beauty tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on skin care and makeup .
trying to file your business taxes ? get tips for finding a job using your tax form in this free video clip about small business tax tips .
cutting the edges and tying the rags . learn about rug weaving and how to weave with a frame loom in this free video .
the second step of replacing automotive carpet is installing the lock module . discover how long to install car carpet with tips from a certified master mechanic in this free video on automotive maintenance .
musical scales like the 4-4 time scale can be played on the mandolin in many time signatures . learn tips on how to do this basic scale technique from a musician in this free video clip .
how to serve spanish tapas ; learn more about making traditional spanish food in this free cooking video .
using raw eggs , salt , and other ingredients , learn to make a french toast sandwich in this free video clip series on indian cuisine .
mastering an album in the studio is an important part of creating a music budget . learn how to budget a music studio session from our recording expert in this free video clip .
learn how to do a cross punch in jeet kune do in this free martial arts lesson video from a kung fu master .
retro jeans in the 1970s were one of the most popular trends . learn about other popular retro 1970s clothing trends from a retro fashion specialist in this free fashion video .
learn about the home brewing stage for making absinthe in this free home brew video from our professional bartender and brewer of his own beers .
cleaning oil in a fish tank can be done by switching to an air-powered filter or using protein skimmers . get rid of fish tank oil with tips from the manager of a fish pet store in this free video on pet care .
using linear burn feature , in photoshop , is a great way to enhance your animated fire background . learn some tips for using linear burn from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
shishigatani tunesmekino is an itirloom from japan that supposedly prevents paralysis . learn about shishigatanani zucchini from an organic farmer in this free gardening video .
the folkloric hagalla walk in belly dancing is similar to a merengue movement , with the hips moving forward and back . learn egyptian belly dancing haggalla walk from an instructor in this free belly dance video .
after etching a circuit board , it 's important to clean it off . get tips on cleaning copper for circuit board etching in this free electronics video .
learn about pant length and petite women 's clothing in this free clothing style and dress video .
all success has to do with balance . learn how to be successful through balance from a professional speaker and instructor in this free health video .
it is important to remember that the dealer is there to help the players , so be polite and avoid flirting with them . learn more about poker etiquette from a professional card player in this free video .
the best way to get a great cardio workout is by running for 20 minutes at a time and incorporating light weights throughout the workout . workout with twenty minutes of cardio with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on exercise and fitness .
be ready for anything . learn how to aim for a forehand ground stroke in doubles tennis in this free tennis lesson from a professional coach .
learn how to engage on ladders separating adjacent creatures in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
how to blend hair for giving a man 's haircut with clippers ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
repair and assemble the parts of the hayward pool vac ultra . pool cleaning tips from an expert .
how to create clouds for making hand painted nail art ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
learn how to apply acrylic nails for a french manicure in this free online video on beauty salon treatments .
adjusting dynamics using encoders in logic pro 8 is a great way to get the full sound you want . record and edit music easily and quickly with a basic pro 8 feature using tips from an experienced recording engineer in this free video .
the whammy guitar effect is similar to an octaver in a high register . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
pro tool is in almost every big studio in the world . learn how to record in this free video series .
homeschooling is legal in many states , but making sure you are licensed to go to home school can be difficult . learn more about how to get your child started home schooling in this free home schooling video .
fixing a car by yourself ? learn how to break lug nuts loose to remove a tire on a car with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
applying eye shadow is a great way to enhance your eye makeup . learn how to apply a natural eye shadow in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
most of the motions for a saxophone orchestra will be with the right hand . learn more about how to conduct with the left hand in this free music lesson video from a saxophonist .
how to choose a bell for playing african drums ; get professional tips and advice on playing traditional west african percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
throw ceramic teapot walls by pulling clay from the base upward to the top of the piece . learn how to throw walls with expert tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn how to use cupcake tin to make pumpkin spiced cupcakes in this free recipe dessert video on making pumpkin spice cupcakes .
learn about finance gadgets in igoogle in order to personalize your homepage with google gadgets with tips from a google products expert in this free internet software lesson video .
learn about kayaking and how to do a roll correctly in this free how to video about kayak river rescues .
the lydian mode is a scale for the saxophone that begins on the fourth note of the f major scale . play the lydorian mode in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced saxophone instructor in this free video .
when massaging the gluteal muscles , warm up the muscles and avoid using too much pressure . learn more about massaging a gluteus muscles from a masseur in this free massage video .
automation in garage band is easy to use and understand . learn more about it from a recording expert in this free video clip .
watch and learn how to do a complete routine from an expert in basic step aerobics in this free instructional video lesson on basic step aerobic exercise and routines .
when doing a back handspring on a wedge , practice with a spotter to avoid getting a tight body position . learn to do back handsprings using a wedge to warm up with tips from a personal trainer in this free gymnastics video .
learn how to do pole dancing leg extensions from an expert in this free fitness video on pole dancing exercises .
ludwig van beethoven was one of the greatest music composers in history and this piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
flatten the clay for a ceramic vase by using a rib tool . learn how to flatten out clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
how to properly rise the cake when making `` death by chocolate '' cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
learn about picaridin and how it affects your skin with expert skin care tips in this free beauty and sun protection video clip .
a simple origami flower requires glue stick , needles , floral wire and a leaf . learn the materials you need to make an origami paper flower in this free paper crafts video from a paper crafts expert .
adding videos to your myspace page can be fun and easy , learn all about myspace accounts , profiles , videos , and photos in this free video .
perform the bo staff two-handed downward flower technique keeping the staff at head height . get bo staff technique tips for doing a two- handed downward flower in this free video on bo staff techniques .
collages , when done correctly , can illustrate how to do just about anything for a room . learn how yours can help you plan a future project in this free video series .
how to create a tinder for a bow drill fire starter ; learn this and more in this free online arts and crafts video taught by a pottery making expert .
the cycle of 4ths is a great scale to learn to help with violin intonation . learn how to play the second part of this important scale technique from a violin expert in this free video clip .
a taorluath , is a gaelic word that is spelled `` t-a-o-r-l-u-ath , '' is a movement that puts four notes in between two notes on the bagpipe chanter . learn more about the taoruath grip from a
play an e flat scale on two strings on upright bass . learn how to play five-note scales on the d and e strings in half position on an upright bass from a music teacher in this free bowed string instrument video .
calligraphy has many facets and practicing is a great way to improve your handwriting . learn tips on how to perform this from a calligraphy expert in this free video clip .
play four long bows on an upright bass in the first position of bowing . learn how to play part five of `` scarborough fair '' on upright bass from a music teacher in this free bowed string instrument video .
create a separation between the mountains and water in a watercolor windmill painting . learn how to create a separation from the mountains in watercolor paintings in this free watercolor video lesson .
the percussion settings on a hammond b3 organ can be set to either soft or fast , depending on how you play the organ . find out how to set the percussion settings for a drum kit in this free video organ lesson from an experienced church organist .
keep your pet bird safe by keeping the cage clean of food and water . learn how to keep birds safe with tips from a pet store owner in this free pet video .
looking for a natural makeup look ? learn how to apply natural facial pigment from a professional makeup artist in this free expert video clip .
learn to fold a paper airplane with instructions from a professional artist in this free video about paper folding crafts .
a living trust is a legal document that involves transferring the management of an assets to a trustee . create a living trust and avoid probate and estate taxes with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
learn how to play the diminished triad 1st inversion piano chords in this free video music series that will teach you how to utilize one of the essentials of mastering the piano - playing diminished chords .
how to install the power supply to your computer , including tips and tricks ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on how to change your computer 's power supply in this free instructional video .
pay attention to the counter space when writing letters m through r in cursive italic calligraphy . learn how to write a lowercase `` m '' through `` r '' italic hand in this free art video from a professional calligrapher .
got a luggage in portugal ? learn how to say phrases for traveling , luggage and baggage in portuguese in this free language lesson video from aportuguese language expert .
learn the benefits of massage therapy for earaches with expert tips from a certified and licensed massage therapist in this free online massage video clip .
clean out the pantry to avoid junk food . learn how to lose weight and get healthy eating tips from a professional trainer in this free fitness video .
so you want to be a great basketball player ? check out this free basketball warm up video on calf stretches and learn some tips from our pro .
for double bump belly dancing steps it is important to keep the hip in position and rotate the body . learn drills to improve your belly dancing moves in this free belly dance lesson from a professional belly dancing performer and instructor .
learn how to make a necklace with expert wire jewelry making tips and advice in this free online crafting video clip .
learn how to cut the sides for a chest of drawers in this free diy woodworking video .
using your hands to shape the base of the female bust sculpture and making sure the shapes are pleasing to the eye ; learn tips , tricks and techniques for creating beautiful sculpture in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
when training for an off-road triathlon , use moderate to moderate weights and high repetitions . train vigorously for a triathlon with tips from professional triathlete in this free iron man video .
choosing a healthy dairy goat for a family can be difficult , but there are many varieties of goats available . learn to choose dairy goats from an organic farmer in this free dairy farming video .
canned food is better for cats because it gives them something to chew on and helps to prevent dental disease . learn about the benefits of canned and dry pet food from a veterinarian in this free pet care video .
there are seven hand positions on the violin neck each with it 's own specific qualities for each key . learn how to play the violin f major scale in the 2nd hand position from an experienced musician in these free violin lesson videos .
an antiques expert explains the different shapes of antique pink luster in this free video on antique collecting and appraisal .
ribbon is a great accessory to add to a bridal bouquet . learn how to add ribbons to a bouquet in this free floral arrangement video clip .
learn how to massage the knee cap area with japanese shiatsu massage to relieve tension and stress with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
wedging clay will extract air from clay in order to create a spiral shape . learn how to wedge clay when throwing a clay mug from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
if your golf club has a slice , cure it with the swing plane ; learn pro golf tips for fixing , curing a slice in this free golf lesson video .
pull that outside fastball for a base hit with expert baseball tips in this free sports instruction video clip .
take care of your whole grains ; explore hot cereals and healthy alternatives to oatmeal in this free video on whole grain cereal tips .
an interview with several different people from the company will actually be sitting together . learn about panel types of job interviews in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
pantries are great places to store recycle items . learn about storing pantry items when moving into a new kitchen with expert tips in this free instructional moving video .
becoming a police officer requires passing a law exam , attending a police academy and then being hired by a local department . learn more about how to become a policeman with tips from a former highway patrolman in this free law enforcement video .
the eb major locrian mode is a scale that begins on the fifth note of the eb major scale . play the locrian groove in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced and learned musician in this free video .
learn how to calculate shingle bundles for a gable roof in this free diy home improvement video from a remodeling expert .
learn how to form a b sound for ventriloquists with expert voice throwing tips from a professional comedian in this free online ventrililoquism lesson video clip .
interested in learning how to play drums ? see a demonstration of a basic blues beat in this free video music lesson .
using the proper golf stance when chipping a golf ball below your feet will give you more loft and less roll . learn some tips for using your feet to slice from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
you have to hear about these bizarre hollywood stories about boris karloff . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
mimic pigs do n't like a lot of commotion or fast movements . learn how to handle pigs from an organic farmer in this free pig care video .
a clarinet has several key corks that are very important for the playability of your instrument . learn how to replace a clarinet key with tips from an instrument repair expert in this free clarinet maintenance video .
when making a calender , use tissue paper to separate pictures . fold tissue paper for a calendar with the crafts tips in this free video on calender gift projects from an arts and crafts teacher .
the bridge core exercise works glutes , abdominals and lower back muscles . learn how to do the bridge core extension with tips from a certified fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
adding different layers , in photoshop , is a great way to enhance your inner appearance . learn more about inner layers and photoshop from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
pressing the walls of your clay on the wheel will prevent s cracks by compressing the clay together . learn how to form a clay cone on the pottery wheel in this free ceramics video .
learn how to design patterns for gourd art in this free online video arts and crafts lesson .
to build a cardio vascular training program , increase the intensity and frequency of the workout program , work the entire upper body and increase flexibility . build cardio-vascular training with tips from a fitness director in this free video on healthy exercise .
learn how to mix the dry ingredients for a layer cake and get expert tips on homemade baking recipes in this free cooking video .
what are some external components for computer power supply and how does one connect inputs ? learn in this free video .
cleaning and maintaining your swimming pool is the most important thing to do when cleaning your pool . learn pool maintenance tips from a pool supply store manager in this free video on swimming pools .
regulator clocks were initially designed to be highly accurate clocks with certain characteristics that the watchmaker or clockmaker used to regulate clocks . learn about regulator clocks in this free video on collecting antique connecticut clocks from an experienced antique clock collector .
watch how to play a basic drum beat that has bass drum , or kick drum , on beats 1 and 2 , snare on beats 2 and 4 , and high hat on the 8th notes , in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
when preparing a door for painting , use a light sanding technique to rough up the surface . prepare a door to be painted with tips from a professional painter in this free video on home improvement .
learn how to chop egg for creole shrimp crab salad with expert cooking tips in this free creole cuisine video clip .
learn about reporter work as a professional sports broadcaster with expert broadcasting tips in this free online sports journalism video clip .
it 's important to keep your table clean so that you do n't attack the customer . learn how to clean a table clean from a professional seamstress in this free crafts video .
how to braid hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
flipping nunchucks through legs is done by swinging them from front-to-back with one hand and transferring them back out of the back with the other . flip pucks through the legs with tips from a third-degree black belt in this free martial arts weapons video .
need tips for tuning a snare drum ? learn how with expert tips in this free drumming video .
always wear a life jacket when kayaking . learn more about kayaking etiquette in this free boating video from an experienced kayaker .
when making a calender , use an old calendar with colored pencils to help teach children the days of the week . cut out a calendar for a calendar with the crafts tips in this free video on calender gift projects from an arts and crafts teacher .
learn how to do the broadsword flower wushu technique in this free kung fu video .
learn how to choose an even location for a beauty pageant and get professional tips and advice from an expert on how to organize and direct a successful pageant event in this free fashion video .
learn how to play the level all chilled up in call of duty 4 : modern warfare with expert tips , advice , and a detailed walk through in this free military video game video clip .
defending against a samurai sword strike is easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
the plank exercise with knee to elbow works both the center line of the stomach , the oblique muscles and the waistline . learn how to do the plank core exercise with this free fitness video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
how to use hoop support for silkscreening your own t-shirts ; get professional tips and advice on screen printing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free silky video .
in belly dancing , a reverse belly roll is done by sticking out the lower and upper abs , and then pulling in the upper abs . practice belly rolls for belly dancing with instructions from a dance director in this free video on belly dancing lessons .
jogging is important to maintain muscle strength and agility ; practice agility training for sports or martial arts in this free workout video .
how to gather and plant root bulbs for planting ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on picking , buying , and planting flower bulbs in this free gardening video .
how to choose soil for house plants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for indoor plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
stretch out the hamstrings with foot stretches ; learn simple stretches for long muscles , flexibility , and protection from injury in this free video .
laser hair removal is 98 percent to 99 percent permanent because the chemicals from the laser are permanently killed hair that is in the growth stage of the hair . find out why multiple treatments are needed with information from an aesthetician in this free video on laser hair removal .
choosing a good food for your pinot noir wine is easy because of its lighter body . learn how to pair food with pinotnoir wine in this free wine video on wine tasting and aroma .
in a bathroom , the shower curtain and shower mat can be cleaned with a disinfectant spray once a week . clean the back of a shower curtain with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
working with the tolls in an art sculpture during the making process ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson about sculpting taught by expert sculptor debbie hughlin vogel .
video production is easy if you have the right equipment . learn tips for troubleshooting your digital camera battery in this free video clip about taking professional digital pictures .
learn how in this free training video on how to train for a competitive cycling race or bicycle race , which will help you understand how and when to utilize this unique skill .
learn how to add some toppings for an easy pancake recipe in this free breakfast food cooking video .
plumeria plants are beautiful plants to grow in your garden or home . learn all about plumeria plant care with gardening tips from a horticulturist in this free gardening video .
in fashion design , a sports bra back will be racer-backed . learn to draw beach volleyball back bikini designs with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
use of supplements in your gecko 's diet will help prevent health issues . learn how to care for a leopard gecko from an industry professional in this free pet care video .
there are several ways to play a lead guitar riff in b minor , including hammer ons and pull offs . learn a few from a seasoned musician in this free video clip .
the oblique muscles are part of the core and can be exercises done with free weights . use free weights to do oblique exercises with tips from a fitness director in this free exercising video .
learn to learn to use the props descriptions of the celtx screenwriting software project library in this free screen writing software video .
learn the basics of skiing from an expert ski instructor in this free step-by-step skiing video .
great trick for point guards . learn technique for dribbling ball in this free basketball lesson from an experienced player .
for a final collage piece , adhere layers of material together so that they are not lost . layer-to-layer with tips from a professional artist in this free video on arts and crafts .
staying in place of the baseball will make it easier to hit a baseball . learn how to stay in position when swinging at a baseball from a hitting instructor in this free video lesson .
get the proper ingredients needed to cook german potato pancakes ; learn more about traditional german food in this free cooking video .
learn some great tips on how to play a left handed approach to scales from our expert in this free music video on where to approach and play different scales on guitar .
learn the basics of wushu kung fu in this free martial arts video .
use the gamut warning in photoshop to tell when parts of your image are oversaturated or when they should be lowered . learn to use the saturation meter in this free photoshop tutorial video .
yoga back stretches are very relaxing and help to elongate the spine . learn more about yoga back stretches with tips from a yoga expert in this free fitness video .
learn how to play guts poker variant in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
spring is a time for new life , new growth , new ideas , and healthy eating . learn how to transition from winter to spring from a professional educator in this free health video .
use all three rolls so that if you use less than the full amount of rolls for your turn , you can force your opponents to use that same number . learn how to play the dice game , `` ship , captain and crew , '' in this free gaming video .
ludwig van beethoven was one of the greatest music composers in history and this piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
trim a ceramic herb planter by slicing it off the wheel with a wire tool . learn how to trim a planter with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
defanging the snake is a good self defense technique to use when an attacker strikes you . learn how to defend against attackers striking you in this free video from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
learn how to close and close your stuffed doll to its container in this free home decoration video on making and sewing decorative pillows .
learn how to move in heroscape in this free video series that will show you how to play the basic version of the table top rpg heroscape game .
find a professional makeup artist to help you tone and strengthen your skin . learn how to apply summer makeup in this free video on skin care and steam treatments .
moisturizers are a great way to keep the skin moisturized before surgery . learn how to select skin care products for surgery in this free skin care video form a licensed medical aesthetician .
learn cramp rolls and variations of tap dancing steps and moves with expert tap dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online advanced dance lesson and choreography video clip .
learn how to mount the photo onto poster board in this free art collection and hobbies video .
to properly use a voltage meter , make sure to set the setting to a low , squiggly line that will read the voltage and the amps used . use voltage meters with tips from a home remodeling specialist in this free video on home repairs .
the first step in patch painting is outlining the design . design and create unique patch art with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
grip a screwball like a four-seam fastball by applying pressure on the seams across the way and thumb directly on the bottom seam . learn how to grip a screwsball in this free video on softball pitching techniques from a softball coach .
double jump kickboxing is a jump rope technique for improving timing and endurance in kickboxing . learn the double jump technique with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
all fire extinguishers should be maintained on a monthly basis . maintain a fire extinguisher by looking at the locking pin , making sure the tamper seal is properly in place with tips from a fire marshal in this free safety video .
when trimming a ceramic teapot , a pin tool can be used to center the vessel . center a clay vessel for trimming with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
how to understand how to plan end grain on a block plane ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on carpentry tools in this free home improvement video .
learn tips on how to write 'utter a word ' with the chinese radical of mouth in this free video clip on chinese characters and foreign languages .
mulching and fertilizing japanese boxwoods are important for maintaining their plants . get tips for keeping japanis boxwoods healthy in this free gardening video clip .
learn various embellishment ideas for using natural henna designs on your home with expert henna design tips in this free arts and crafts video clip .
get a walk-through of the flood in halo 3 with expert tips and advice on video games in this free xbox 360 instructional video .
doubling down is a great way to double win at blackjack . learn tips for double downs in this free video clip about becoming a blackjack card dealer .
how to play riff 4 for playing blues guitar in the key of bb minor ; learn this and more in this free online video jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
learn how to create a photo album in this free series of web site creation clips from our experienced internet consultant .
surprise and astound your friends with this fun bar trick called round bar in this free video clip .
to begin a chicken saltimbocca recipe , mix veggie stock with water . learn to make vegetable stock with cooking tips from a chef in this free video on recipes .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to remove pine needles from a pool screen enclosure in this free online video about home pool care .
in the state of oregon there is a government branch that is known as the department of public safety standards and training . learn what to expect from a security officer to be a certified security officer in this free video from a veteran security officer .
a personal trainer 's expenses vary depending on the type of business they have . learn about trainer expenses from a professional trainer in this free fitness video .
how to play four on the floor drum beats ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
learn how to pick the right hand wear to help you throw more snowballs with expert tips on snowballs in this free video clip .
make upright bass practice fun by playing songs in 4-4 time . learn how to play part five of `` auld lang syne '' on upright bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
learn tips on how to make a challah loaves with raisins in this free recipe video clip on bread baking .
the chant `` ginny ginny cah pe ca ecu lata consuca samon derumug sadewon muttom par saka opele '' is used when dancing . learn what the chant means and how to use it from a professional burmese dancer in this free dance lesson video
diamond certificates are a type of appraisal . learn more about types of certificates in this free diamond video .
how to do the first clay pull for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
sitting in a saddle is not only for my own comfort but also for your horses . learn about the benefits of using a saddle for adaptive horse riding in this free horse care video from a equestrian team coach .
to make sure your croquis is even , fold each side in half at the bridge of the nose . learn how to make rounded sunglasses from a fashion designer in this free fashion illustration video .
when deleting e-mail messages on a computer , click on the `` delete '' button , then the `` ex '' button next to the menu bar . delete e-mails from a computer with tips from an internet business consultant in this free video on internet tools .
when body waxing it is important to keep the room clean and sanitary . learn more about sanitizing the waxing area with tips from a professional hair stylist in this free beauty guide video .
yoga works all parts of your upper body , including your butt muscles . learn how to do yoga for upper body strength with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
off-track betting in otb allows bets to be won as well . learn how otb bets work in this free otb video from a mutual teller .
learn what materials you will need to build your basement in this free home improvement video .
add a website to your favorites on internet explorer in microsoft windows by clicking on the start menu to gain access to the favorites and organize them . learn to add internet explorer favorites to your list with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on microsoft word 's internet browser .
to play rock patterns on base drum , learn a one and two , three count . practice playing rock beats on the base drum with expert tips from a professional drummer in this free video about rocking the top drum .
charles de beriot ii was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
sake is not a distilled beverage that can be drink piping hot out of small cups . learn more about the history of sake with tips from a sommelier in this free video about sake .
finding and fitting bras can be difficult . learn how to fit and adjust your bra in this free video on women 's lingerie .
there are three parts of an upright bass bow : the frog , the stick and the screw . find out about each of these bow parts with tips from a music teacher in this free stringed instrument video .
there are several accessories that are used when tuning a guitar . learn more about guitar accessories from a professional musician in this free video .
finding the proper memory for the computer you are using requires going to www.discover.com , downloading the drivers and downloads . choose the right computer memory with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computers .
the best sunscreens for oily skin include those that are oil-free , which has a high spf , and those that have a moisturizing properties . try using a moisturizer on oily skin to balance the moisture with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this free video on skin care .
learn how to space the seeds in a home vegetable garden in this free organic gardening video . get beginner gardening tips & ideas .
be careful not to cross your feet when shooting . learn how to do the bounce pass in this free basketball lesson from an experienced player .
learn a rib cage breathing exercise from a professional hatha yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn how to cut a bi-fold door from a professional contractor in this free video on home remodeling and construction .
organize bookmarks on a computer by clicking on the `` add to favorites '' button and selecting a folder to store the bookmarks . organize bookmarks by organizing them with tips from an internet guru in this free video on how to use internet browser features .
applying a finish to a wood scratch is easy with these tips , get expert advice on woodworking in this free video .
what is tzaziki and what is it made of ? learn about eating healthy with fermented foods , improving digestion , and general nutrition in this free video .
scales are very important to know for any saxophone player . learn tips on how to play an e major scale on the saxophone from a professional musician in this free video .
there are countless tap dance moves and combinations . learn how to do a flap heel step tap dance move from our expert dancer in this free video clip on beginning tap dancing .
learn tips on how to use the spinnaker release on the sled before a dogsled race in this free instructional video clip about the dog race in iditarod .
combining bo staff techniques such as the overhead strike can be done in many combinations or with a single hand . practice bo staff striking techniques with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on the bo staff .
learn how to avoid making mistakes when repairing solder pipes with expert tips in this free home repair video clip .
learn how to read oracle cards for any day of the week from a professional tarot reader in this free fortune-telling video .
help your child identify objects with pictures by montessori methods . learn how to do a matching object game in this free educational video clip about visual arts .
learn how to choose healthy , wholesome organic foods for your diet with expert health tips in this free online metabolism video clip .
learn a more advanced exercise with two handles for the kinesis system in this free fitness video on functional exercise training with the kineex .
learn how to use a picture to create auzzle in texas-shaped picture frames in this free art collection and hobbies video .
learn about the main refs in soccer from our expert in this free how-to video on the basics and rules of soccer .
use your fingers to smooth the sand on the rock garden . learn how to make a chinese rock garden in this free crafts video .
preparing clay to make a slab can be a challenge . learn how to prepare clay with expert tips and advice on pottery in this free video .
discover the printing of the utgar 's rage card in this free video series that will show you how to play the basic version of the table top rpg heroscape game .
when buying a garden hose , consider the size of the yard and maneuverability of the hose to keep it from crimping up . buy a hose with tips from a landscaper in this free video on gardening and lawn care .
learn how to cook the finished pasta for macaroni and cheese and more in this free online cooking video taught by expert chef pamela bowman , aka chef blondie .
learn how to serve orange honey glazed chicken wings in this free online video cooking lesson .
how to display a baby stroller in this free video on baby toys and safety .
learn how to play fall out boy 's 'sugar we 're going down ' and other popular songs in this free video clip series that will have you playing everyone 's favorite songs on guitar in no time .
learn how to use the pool in adobe premiere music recording software in this free online video tutorial .
after a while , turtles naturally react to being used . learn to recognize healthy turtles with tips from the owner of a reptile store in this free pet care video .
growing lampranthus plants involves covering the ground with warm water to provide a ground cover , and they do not need much water to grow in cold weather . grow light bulbs with tips from a professional gardener in this free video on gardening .
learn how to strain chicken wings from our expert on cooking seafood in this free recipe video about making chicken wings with dump cake .
most aquatic turtles like eating plants , water plants that grow in the wild and have a large amount of insects . learn about what aquatic turtles eat with tips from a reptile specialist in this free video on turtle care .
learn how to cut chocolate for cookies from an expert baker in this free recipe video about how to make delicious peanut butter chocolate cookies .
learn how to prepare tofu for japanese soon tobu ji gae with expert cooking tips in this free mediterranean cooking video clip .
learn tips on what the offensive line does during a reverse trick play in this free video clip on american football .
the wood block is a common wood block used in classical music . learn more about the wood block from a professional musician in this free video .
how to use watercolor markers to create a watercolor painting project for kids ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson on video about art projects for kids taught by expert pamela grier .
in math , a proportion is an equation that says two ratios are equal . solve ratios by finding the cross products with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
learn how to choose the right type of floor mats to winterize your car , extend its life , and improve safety in this free vehicle maintenance and safety video .
for a long tail cast on knitting stitch , the hand should be put in the yarn like a fist . put the hand in the right hand when knitting a basket weave stitch with tips from a knitting teacher in this free video on hand crafting .
the first digital hearing aid features the same four basic parts : the microphone , amplifier , speaker and power supply . learn more about hearing aid technology from an audiologist in this free health video .
discover tips for zesting the lemon for your tomato and feta salad in this free video recipe .
in fashion design , a rounded chelsea collar should be long and curved to create a rounded look . learn more about drawing a rounded x-sea collar design with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
looking for a valentine 's day craft to do with your kids ? learn about the materials you 'll need for a window card project in this free craft video .
learn how to make a handmade congratulations card and more in this free arts and crafts video taught by an expert .
taping audio cables from a production assistant is crucial to the safety of the audience . learn how to tape audio cables with tips from an audio engineer in this free audio engineering video .
tips for topping tomatoes with cucumber slices for your tomato and feta salad ; learn how in this free cooking video .
losing up to five pounds in five days is possible with monitored weight loss programs and increased blood sugar levels . lose weight safely with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
when car frontening , place the car jack under a sturdy place in the center of the vehicle . learn more about installing a car jack with tips from a mechanic in this free car maintenance video .
as soon as you put two pigments together you will have a duller pigment . learn about using secondary colors from an art instructor in this free color theory video .
the albysjon is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
learn how to clean and sanitize battery terminals to winterize your car , extend its life , and improve safety in this free vehicle maintenance and safety video .
want to apply mineral makeup ? learn how to use a sponge to apply foundation in this free beauty and fashion video clip .
learn how to serve your tiramisu dessert , and get expert tips on making delicious dessert recipes in this free recipe video .
every musician practices what they create . learn to use chants to your advantage from an expert in this free video clip .
practicing improv with the `` beatnik poet '' game . learn how to play improv games to practice acting skills in this free video on theatre and performance .
learn how to add decorations to your gothic bracelet to give it a unique and unique look in this free video series .
learn how to fold a t-shirt in this free online instructional video , including tips for folding clothes like shirts , jeans , dresses , skirts , sweaters and more .
what are plugged in electronics ? learn safety tips for working with vintage electronics in this free vintage electronics restoration video .
learn about dilemmas in accordion solitaire with expert tips and advice on card games in this free video clip on professional card games .
start window valance by marking the board where beads will be placed . mark the board for beaded window valances with tips from a crafts enthusiast and teacher in this free video on arts and crafts .
in tai chi , performing the yin and yang diagram is one of the most basic philosophies that involves emptying the empty energy in the legs . practice this intricate maneuver with tips from a professional tui na practitioner in this free martial arts video .
leopard handles basic mouse features very efficiently . learn how to use this feature from an apple computer specialist in this free computer software video .
learn how to paint lines on a mosaic clay tile table in this free ceramics video lesson .
defending against a forward knife thrust is best done by moving out of the way . prepare for the worst with these tips from a black belt kung fu instructor in this free self defense video .
learn the parts of the razor scooter , like the handle bar , brake and how to adjust the height when riding it , in this free sports recreation video from our razor scootering expert .
harmonized chords are great for funk , rock , pop , and many other genres of music . learn how to play harmonized chords in d minor from a musician in this free video .
learn how to divide mulch when transplanting hostas in this free online instructional gardening video .
how to build the c major chord on the guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
how to use a bench grinder buffer wheel ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sharpening tools , shaping and polishing metal in this free instructional video .
ski and snowboard jacket types are not all that important . find out what type of jacket to wear to stay safe on the slopes in this free snowboarding rental and buying guide from an expert snowboarder .
flux helps a sauder to adhere to copper panels . learn how to use flux in this free video clip about using copper foiling for stained glass art .
emo cartoons are very different from regular cartoons , because they are completely raw , exaggerated and dark . draw emo cartoons with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
learn how nutrients support the metabolism and which nutrients do so with expert health tips in this free online metabolism video clip .
purchase fleece that will keep you from unraveling . learn how to create your own cloth bag in this free video series that will have you mastering sewing projects in no time .
sometimes surroundings prevent you from being able to use a side kick . learn how to apply kicks to outside positions in self defense in this free martial arts video .
samurai joint locking is easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
learn about the effects of hormone changes on women in this free health video clip .
how to play holding patterns on church organ and keyboard ; get expert tips and instruction on playing organs and other musical instruments for church in this free music lesson video .
before digitizing drawings , prepare the drawings for the scanner . find out how to scan drawings for scanning and painting in this free flash tutorial from a professor in animation and interactive media .
the wheel pose of yoga is an excellent maneuver for loosening the hips and relieving stress . learn how to perform the wheel pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
conflicts between dress and hierarchy can arise during a job interview . learn about the basics of working in a business environment in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
the standing lunge is a yoga exercise that utilizes blocks to help stretch the muscles in the hips . practice the standing lungge with tips from a registered yoga instructor in this free video on yoga .
snowmen are a classic christmas decoration . get tips for cutting out snowmen decorations in this free video clip about easy christmas crafts .
use the front transfer paper as a guide for painting the collar of a girl watercolor painting . learn more about drawing a girl 's collar using watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
the cha cha cha dance incorporates basic steps , such as rocking back and forth , with a three-full step added by the dancers . combine the steps of that cha cha latin dance with a demonstration from a professional ballroom dance instructor in this free video on dance .
learn how to store stuffed animals in this free video on children 's toys and safety .
in this violin scale , the phrygian mode is set an octave higher . play the third scale degree of the b harmonic minor scale on the violin with the music tips in this free video on violin lessons from a professional violinist .
learn how to stay safe on stilts , with expert stilt walking tips in this free circus tricks video on tips for using , owning , and jumping stilts .
how to layer acrylic paint for making hand painted nail art ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
the d major , along with every other scale , has different modes which are determined by the starting and ending note played in the scale . learn how to play the fourth mode called the lydian mode from an expert violinist in this free video .
organs play a huge role in church music . learn how to play organ chromatics in different scales in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
how to dice peppers for a spanish omelette ; get expert tips and advice on making traditional cuban breakfast recipes in this free cooking video .
how to understand rhythm when reading guitar tab ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
learn about what jewelry accessories are appropriate for a summer dress in this free fashion video clip .
learn how and why to become a contortionist in this free online series of health fitness videos from our expert gymnast .
how to demonstrate a piece with watercolor that you 've just learned from expert larry dubitsky for watercolor painting in this free art lesson video .
hot stone massage for the upper back and neck will work the muscles in the shoulders and the scapula . practice hot stone massage therapy with this free massage video .
how to set up a new communication document in microsoft word ; learn more about mail merge features in micro word , excel , and open office in this free instructional video .
register for an nhra car-racing event by logging on to the internet , signing in and creating a password using the nhra event registration information on the computer . learn more from our professional driver in this free drag-running video .
children do better with chiropractic adjustments than adults . learn more reasons why kids are better with tips from a chiropractor in this free back health video .
get rid of blackheads by using hot compresses on the face and exfoliating the face regularly . learn more ways to get rid of clay blackheads with expert tips from a beauty professional in this free video about acne and blemishes .
a diamond expert explains the difference between diamond sieves and jewelry in this free video about diamonds .
learn all about women 's roller derby and how to set up roller derby arenas in this free instructional video on starting a roller derby team .
use microsoft excel forms by selecting the data menu and entering the information in a small data base form that has been created . create data in excel with tips from an experienced excel user in this free video on computer software .
the upright bass major and relative minor scales have three flats b , e and a notes . learn about the upright bass basic scales of e flat in this free stringed instrument video on octave scales from a music teacher .
how to manually sharpen a chain saw ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on sharpening gardening tools in this free instructional video .
in boxing , a hook is used when coming inside of a jab and to work the way towards the opponent 's body . throw a hook in boxing with tips from a boxing coach and trainer in this free instructional video on beginner boxing tips .
learn how to read the snap and play defensive tackle in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
who needs hallmark ? here are some tips on how to ink your own valentine 's day cards with this free video clip .
learn how to play seether 's 'broken ' and other popular songs in this free video clip series that will have you playing everyone 's favorite songs on guitar in no time .
keep extra piece of yarn around your needle and then go underneath the chain . learn how to crochet a basket weave pattern in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .
use a ruler to get a consistent text . experiment with printmaking with tips from a printmaker in this free printmaking video .
when building campfires , it 's important to keep children away from the smell of fire . learn more about the importance of fire safety in this free cold weather camping video guide .
chords are nothing without a rhythm , and here is an example of a few major chords played with rhythm on a hammond b3 organ . discover many new rhythms to play in any key from an experienced and talented musician in this free video .
use hand- forming techniques to keep the base of your sandcastle wider than the top . learn how to build a foundation for your sand castle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
trim turrets into your tower 's outer walls ; learn how to build a tower in this free video art lesson on building a table top chicken tower .
a vcr cleaning tape can be used to clean heads on a television , but it should never be left in for 30 seconds . make sure the television counter is moving when cleaning the heads of a television with tips from a television repairman and producer in this free video on tv careers .
want to massage your dog 's stomach and genital area ? learn how to give a dog a facial massage in this free pet care video lesson on how to keep your dog healthy and happy with regular massage .
pitcheline.com and cheaptickets are great ways to find cheap flights . purchase cheap flights online with tips from an experienced traveler in this free video on travel .
using a chair , learn how to do the sissy squat and triceps extension in this free exercise video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
escrima , like other martial arts , involves striking multiple targets at once . learn how to strike an opponent with an escrima stick in this free martial arts video .
keep your kids safe at home by using gates that are tall enough and high enough to reach the reach of a child . learn the importance of using gates from a parenting specialist in this free home safety video .
yang opposites are represented by things such as tall and short , bright and dark , ornate and plain . learn about yin and yang architectural ideas from a feng shui practitioner in this free home decor video .
great dinosaur info . learn all about brontosaurus in this free dinosaur information video from a science expert .
the 631 siteswap involves throwing a straight up vertical throw with two low crosses underneath . use the 631 sitewap to transition between both hands for juggling four balls with tips from a professional juggler in this free video on hobbies .
using rubber exercise tubing for bicep curls ; learn resistance band exercises for upper body muscles in this free video .
learn how to properly maintain your baritone saxophone and get professional instruction for playing this versatile and beautiful instrument in this free music lesson video .
for those who work from home , it is tax deductible to wear sweatpants every day . decide if wearing sweatpants is a good productivity option with tips from a freelance writer in this free video on working from home .
playing an isolated double drum beat on strokes three and four in an eight-count measure with the left hand creates a quick sense of 16th notes . play this isolated double-beat variation on a snare drum with tips and advice from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
staying square in golf with a square right hand grip is a good way to slap the golf ball towards your target . learn some tips for holding the right hand from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
learn all about the sexy latin dance the cha cha from a professional dance coach in this free dance lesson video clip .
trying to access alliances in `` world of warcraft '' ? get expert tips and advice on video and computer games in this free video .
an interviewee will want to give a descriptive answer . get tips on how to avoid getting yes or no answers in video interviews from an experienced interviewer in this free film production video .
an internal hard drive can be added to a computer with an ide cable if it is not free . discover how to add an external hard drive with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computers .
learn how to use love coupons as a christmas gift for your boyfriend with expert tips on christmas presents in this free video clip .
reading home drug test instructions is important to maintain a positive result . learn more about reading instructions for home drug tests with tips from a certified medical assistant in this free drug testing video .
how to cut the side hair for cutting and layering curly hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
drawing a skyscraper in perspective requires thinking about what happens to objects below and above you . learn to draw skyscrapers in correct perspective from an artist in this free design video .
teeth whitening trays are very popular at dentist 's offices . learn how to use in-office whiteners with tips from a dental hygienists in this free oral hygiene video .
learn how to build a nitrogen cycle to keep goldfish healthy in your ponds with tips from a fish expert in this free pet care video .
learn how to season garlic chicken ; learn tips , tricks , techniques and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert creole chef karl james .
master volume in pro tools is the ability to set automatic volume changes throughout the track every time it is played . record and edit music easily and quickly with a basic pro tools set up using tips from an experienced recording engineer in this free video on music recording .
make a djembe drum ring by tying two knots fastened to the bottom ring . tie the bottom rings of djembes drums with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on djekwondo knots .
learn how to get started rolling dough for making bagels from our expert in baking in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
the over-the-head triceps stretch is a harder stretch for those with lower body range of motion . get tips on the proper triceps stretches from a former professional athlete in this free video .
the best places to find shoes and clothing at cheap retail prices are overstock www.overstock.com , zappos dot com and shoes.com . look for great local shoes to buy at the department stores for cheap with tips from an experienced retail shoe store manager in this free video on fashion .
triceratops was the most famous dinosaur . learn all about triceratosaurus in this free dinosaur information video from a science expert .
fun halloween decorations ! learn how to make a spider web table top decoration in this free video clip about children 's hallower ideas .
indian food is full of interesting spices and flavors . learn how to add amchoor for indian potatoes , carrots & peas in this free recipe video .
everyone loves jackets ! learn how to pick fashionable clothing to build your own clothing in this free video series about how to build a woman 's wardrobe .
get a walkthrough of so far , so good in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
splatter painting can increase interest in your watercolor painting . learn how to splatter paint and use a splatter shield from a professional artist in this free painting video .
learn how to add shells to a layer cake and get expert tips on homemade baking recipes in this free cooking video .
three card poker is played with a standard deck of 52 cards , and each player is dealt three cards to choose from . play three card poker , matching the bet to the play circle , with instructions from an experienced card player in this free video on the game of poker .
make your rainbows look psychedelic with face paints . learn how to paint a rainbow in this free video about face painting ideas .
watch a example on how to play the bass drum , or kick drum , on beats 1 and 2 , the snare on beats 2 and 4 , and 8th notes on the high hat , in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
want to make your own tshirt ? learn tips for making your own in this free video clip about easy t-shirt designs .
moisturizing the face will help prevent wrinkles on dry skin . learn how to treat dry skin with expert tips in this free wrinkle treatment and prevention video .
the revolved head-to-knee pose , in yoga , is a great exercise to utilize for strengthening your spine and improving stability . learn more about how to perform the revolving head to knee pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
the practical benefits of what you 're teaching are more than helping the student . learn about other benefits of tutoring practical students from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
the downshift is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
the fighting stance , in kung fu , is the foundation for all footwork maneuvers . learn to perform the fighting stance from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
every part of an acoustic bass is important to know as you learn how to play it . learn about everything that you need to know about playing the bass from an expert musician in this free video clip .
pick plants for your gift basket . learn how to pick plants for gift baskets in this free video clip about how to make gift baskets for children .
hitting longer drives in golf can be improved by practicing a variety of techniques . learn some tips for improving your drives from our golfing professional in this free video .
every little girl loves dolls . learn how to pick a basket for your little girl in this free video clip about making personalized easter gift baskets for children .
in the belly dance six eight rhythm , learn how to add heels to the six eight steps in this free belly dancing video lesson .
keep the chin parallel to the ground in the yoga hero pose . learn more about the hero pose in yoga with tips from a yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
the saxophone pentatonic scale of b flat includes a b flat note . play a major pentaton scale in the key of b sharp on the saxophone with lessons from a music teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
the tip of the cue ball has a tendency to flatten out . learn about mushrooming when gripping a cue from a certified pool instruction in this free pool instruction video .
stretching is essential for a full body workout in softball , but it can also help to loosen up the body for running laps . get tips on full body warm ups for softball from a former professional athlete in this free video .
a pedodontic dentist is a general dentist who has a two-year specialty degree that concentrates on dental treatment for children . learn about what a dentist does with tips from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
how to toast rice for greek garlic chicken ; learn more about making traditional mediterranean food in this free cooking video .
watch as a seasoned expert demonstrates how to remove carpet buffer in this free online video about professional carpet care .
t-shirt arms in belly dancing can move from place to another without very busy body movements . learn egyptian belly dancing tshirt arms from an instructor in this free belly dance video .
learn about the basics of improv for kids in this free video clip .
learn the chinese symbols for thorough with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language specialist in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
make sure to hold your bandannas in the pocket when making sure that they are still in tact . learn how to fold a european windmill in this free clothing care video .
use a variety of artist 's brushes that come in a pack for about three dollars . learn how to do a sign language craft with tips from a deaf signing expert in this free sign language video .
one leg hops are great for getting your butt muscles rich and toned . learn how to do the one leg hop exercise from a personal trainer in this free fitness video .
repain a belly cast with varnish and finishing touches , whether it 's for a nursery or a room ; learn how to cast a belly in this free video .
when a cat is urinating inappropriately , it helps to change the significance of the spot that they pea outside . help a cat recognize urinating areas with tips from an animal rescue volunteer in this free video on cat behavior .
clay coils can be used to cure allergies . learn how to clean a neti pot from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
watch and learn how to do some sit up exercises in this free health and fitness video on athletic strength training exercises for performance .
the california hurricane is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
learn how to repair a clamshell break in windshield with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
in yoga , the flower pose is a great stretch to use for loosening the legs . learn about the flower yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
tennis rackets are made of strings that break down into natural gut , nylon , mono-filament polymer and a plastic string . discover how these different types of strings can affect the sound of a tennis racket with information from a uspta certified tennis pro in this free video on tennis equipment .
learn how to flour chicken cacciatore and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert chef karl james .
learn the importance of the grip on a golf club and its grip in this free golfing instruction video , with expert tips on golf clubs and equipment .
variations on chair dancing routines include leaning and lifting your leg , lifting the leg and moving your leg up and down . learn several chair dancing stretches with tips from a dance instructor in this free aerobic dance video .
get tips on playing a basic drum beat variation that has bass drum , or kick drum , on beats 1 and 2 , the snare on beats 2 and 4 , and 8th notes on the high hat , in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
where does music conductor originate ? learn about the responsibilities of an orchestra conductor in this free conducting lesson video from an experienced conductor .
learn how to seal the cover with mod podge from our expert on making a picture light switch cover in this free home decorating video making light switch plate covers .
the flamenco dance step will make different sounds with the feet to keep rhythm . learn how to dance steps with feet in this free dance lesson video from an award-winning flamenca dancer .
the a major dorian mode is a scale for the saxophone that begins on the third note of the a major scale . play the diane mode in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced saxophone instructor in this free video .
one of the most common cut-off tools for a job is a mechanical saw . a miter chop saw can be used with a jigsaw . discover why different types of cut-offs are used with help from a specialist in car restoration in this free video on tools and safety .
learn how to buy music cd 's and which discs to use for recording your own music in this free video series that will have you creating rhythmic rap music in no time .
how to sew spandex for a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
a pre-made graphic can be used to wrap a present with magazine pages . watch this free video clip and see how a gift wrapping expert does it .
tips to make a pakora snack . learn the recipe for making an indian snack in this free cooking video .
the best sunscreen is generally free of chemical sunblocks , but people with dry skin can use a sunblock made by dermalogica to make a 30 barrier on their face . try using a homemade sunblock to protect the skin from sunburn with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this free video on
how to plan an exhibition of beaded jewelry and supplies you 'll need ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by an expert .
when trimming the base of clay candlesticks , be sure to get a nice , smooth surface . learn how to smooth out the surface when trimming pottery candlestick holders in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
learn about sabre fencing pool and direct eliminations with expert fencing tips in this free eye-catching video clip on the sport of sabre foil fencing .
learn how to add a wall to a drawing , with tips on breaking the rules of perspective effectively , in this free video drawing lesson .
to change the blades on a band saw , unplug the machine , remove the cover plate , hook up the blade to the screw driver and adjust the tension . keep knobs on the band saw safe and sound using this free video from a professional contractor .
in order to change a mail notification sound in outlook , click on the start button , select sounds and audio devices under the `` sounds '' tab and click on `` new mail notification . '' change the sound of a notification in outlook with tips from an internet business consultant in this free video on internet tools .
water bottles can be used for triceps kickbacks to help enhance a great arm workout . learn to do tricep kickbacks using water bottles from a professional fitness trainer in this free exercise videos .
make fun and easy handmade birthday cards for all of your family and friends with the help of a scrapbooking craftswoman in this free video on gifts and crafts .
many major soccer teams have sponsors , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills , moves , and rules in this free video .
learn from our expert how to add flour and wine to your beef stroganoff recipe in this free recipe video on learning how to make your own beef stromboff .
you can cure a slice by using your golf club to watch the impact of the ball . learn more about fixing , curing a slice from our golfing professional in this free video .
when a scarf is at length , it is a slipknot . learn how to finish a crochet scarf with tips from a craft expert in this free crochet video .
how to cut spring onions ; learn more about green , yellow , and spring onions in this free cooking video .
what are the rules of improv ? learn how to build building blocks in improv in this free video on theatre acting tips and techniques .
a single con panna is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
learn the assisted upward facing plank pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
aces can be played high or low and because of this , you have to stop at an ace . learn how to play golf solitaire in this free gaming video .
dance lessons made easy ! learn the diamond step in belly dancing with this free dance lesson from a professional dance director .
doing a wheelie on a wheelchair involves getting a friend to feel comfortable and not trying to turn or fall forward at the same time . learn how to do wheelchair tricks and stunts in this free educational video .
learn how to bake this homemade leek soup recipe with expert cooking tips in this free video clip .
play upright bass in half position with fingers closer to the nut . learn how to play shifts on the d string on an upright bass from a music teacher in this free bowed string instrument video .
how to blow dry long hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
once you have your pins out , do n't sew across the pins because that can ruin your machine . learn how to make a grocery sack holder in this free sewing video .
how to water perennial flower bulbs ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own plants and herbs in this free gardening video .
adding a little detail to a watercolor bowl painting is a great way to add depth and dimension . learn more about detail work and watercolor painting from a professional artist in this free painting video .
in this free gardening video , learn how to expose and work compost when planting rhubarb .
directionals in two-dimensional design lead the viewer around an object on a page . create directionally-shaped diagrams with tips from an artist in this free design video .
facial scrubs should not be used more than three times per week . learn more benefits of facial scrubs with tips from a licensed aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
return a serve in squash by forcing the opponent to push the opponent back . learn how to return serve in tennis from a professional instructor in this free sports video .
learn about the beehive and what it sounds like to catch a bumblebee in this free science video from a science teacher .
a car stereo amplifier provides more volume to a car stereo system . learn more about car stereo amplifiers from our stereo expert in this free video clip .
do n't let the drum sticks stay low during a press roll because they can get uneven . play a press drum roll with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
an outside salsa dance turn can be done in either direction . learn more about how women turn in salsa dancing with tips from a dance instructor in this free salsa dancing video .
learn how to color gourds for decorative gourd art in this free online video arts and crafts lesson .
finding the ip address of a computer in microsoft windows involves clicking on the start menu and running the cmd function to enter the ip configuration . find a computer 's ip address with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on microsoftwindows .
sometimes an opponent needs to get off first . learn how to defend against a straight punch with an edged weapon in this free martial arts video .
add weight to your squats for a great workout . learn how to do the sissy squat in this free exercise video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
french braiding short hair involves splitting the hair into two small sections , braiding the smaller strand in half and tying three sections in half . integrate more hair into the french braid , which will wind it up thicker , with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care and
how to understand the basics of a block plane ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on carpentry tools in this free home improvement video .
a belly dancing shimmy hip and foot movements often start with a hip lift from the side . practice the hip and leg movements with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
sixteenth notes are a basic beat that has sixteen hits in a measure . play a sixteenth note drum beat with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
tips for turning a tree branch into a cane . learn how to remove counter sink hole to repair furniture in this free woodworking video from a furniture restoration expert .
using yoga to help the wrists with carpel tunnel syndrome is a good way to alleviate the aches and pains that occur as a result of the syndrome . learn how to correctly stretch your wrists from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
for the cardboard model car , outlining helps to make the scene appear more realistic . outline cardboard model cars with tips from an experienced crafter in this free video on arts and crafts .
add variance to the swing drum beat pattern by playing the snare drum on the and of one and the high in order to match up with the high-hat . learn more about playing the drums for the swing drummer beat with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
firefighters don a scba by first grabbing the shoulder straps with their thumbs . learn to don scba ( self-contained breathing apparatus ) quickly and effectively from a professional fireman in this free firefighting video .
the most standard iron in golf will have a graph-eye shaft . learn about different types of golf clubs in this free golf video about golf equipment and supplies .
the morse code was developed in 1838. learn more about the history of telegraph communication with tips from a science teacher in this free video on building a telegraph .
fitting a british slip dog lead is fine if you are not using a regular dog lead every day . fit this dog lead with tips from a dog trainer in this free pet care video series .
toning legs requires adding strengthening exercises to a regular routine . tone the legs with tips from a fitness director in this free video on exercise programs .
start out with a clean piece of glass when printing contact sheets . learn how to develop your own contact sheets in this free darkroom photography lesson from a professional photographer .
the second card in fan tan is a five , but it 's in a suit that 's ten , eight , six , five . learn how to play fan tan solitaire in this free gaming video .
learn how to play the high/low split in skinny minnie poker in this free video series that will give you tips for playing a variety of hands and strategies .
use a hollow tube to keep the strings of a wood flute sealed . learn about cutting flutes out of wood in this free wood carving video .
the color balance in photoshop can affect the balance of a picture or an image depending on what type of light is going through the lens . learn how to balance photoshop colors from a professional photographer in this free photoshop tutorial video .
learn from our expert how to get started shooting at the target station on the skeet field in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
the construction of the drum head is simple - shells , wooden or synthetic -- and the materials that make up the head ; learn how with tips from our expert drummer in this free snare drum video tutorial on drum repair .
practicing ice hockey cross-leg skating with both legs , while skating forward , is a great way to improve your ice skating technique . learn a few crossover skating exercises from a professional ice hockey player in this free sports video .
stay dry and get a good night 's sleep . learn how to pack a sleeping bag for a backpacking trip in this free camping video on the outdoors .
learn how to use a fax machine from a professional in this free business tools video .
learn how to use a hook to catch fish when fly fishing in this free instructional fishing video with pro fishing tips for kids .
the reclining supine sequence in yoga is a great way to stretch and lengthen your spine . learn supine yoga poses like reclining twist from a certified instructor in this free yoga video .
losing stomach weight is possible with both exercise and food . lose stomach weight with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
when waxing the upper lip , heat up the wax , be careful not to be too hot and apply the wax all the way down and then pull out from the opposite direction . follow the direction that hair grows after waxing with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on personal grooming .
watch as an expert bachelor explains that supermodels are less expensive than normal women in this free online video about attracting women .
are you an arts and crafts nut ? here is a great free decoupage video about gluing the back of your canvas .
learn how to use a santoku knife for cutting tomatoes and shredding tomatoes in this free hobbies and crafts video .
sew the anchor stitch for a sow to close the opening of a bag . learn about sewing an anchor stitch with tips from a seamstress in this free sewing video .
play straight fourth snare drum on all four coordinates with double back beat on four with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
roasted vegetables add a lot of flavor to a thai basil chicken marinade . learn how to cut red peppers for this chicken recipe with tips from a chef in this free cooking video .
buying a hermit crab involves getting a chance to look at the colony , looking for a healthy , active pet with broken feet and a love of hermit crabs . choose a pet based on their health and behavior with information from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
eyebrows really frame your face when you are face painting . learn how to paint your eyebrows with eyeshadow in this free makeup video about stage makeup techniques .
it 's important not to get bogged down by the details of the patterns . learn strategies of competitive tangram play from a professional tangram player in this free music lesson video .
how to form clay for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
register your child 's safety car seat for free with expert child safety tips in this free online video on child safety seats .
tools for ceramic tumblers include sponges , potters knives , and a towel . learn about clay tools with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
improving your grip on the golf club can help improve your swing and game . try the free golf tip for having a better grip and swing in this video golf lesson .
learn how to build the ante in guts poker in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
using a resistance band , in pilates , and placing your arms between your hands is a great way to exercise the intrinsic muscles in your arms and shoulders . learn more about resistance bands and pilates from a professional pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
snowmobiles are great for snowboarding on hard packed surfaces . learn more about riding on trails from our snowmobiling expert in this free video .
the wide legs in a forward bend pose in vinyasa yoga can lengthen and strengthen the muscles around the pelvis . learn to do a wide legs forward bend in intermediate core training from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
keep nostrils flare down and not take as deep of a breath as you want . learn the proper breathing technique for vinyasa yoga in this free yoga lesson video .
learn variation of the bend side aquatic arthritis exercise for arthritis shoulder pain treatment in this free aquatic treatment video .
get the right bar height , suspension and the right motorcycle to ride motocross on a closed course . learn about the difficulty of riding motross in this free instructional video on motofross .
learn how to do the single leg circles in pilates for new mothers in this free fitness video .
learn to play 12/8ths african drum patterns with conga off the beat or on the beat . free video drum lessons featuring a professional drummer and drum teacher !
learn how to play dark blues on the guitar in this free video series that talks about the guitar and the different musical stylings it lends itself to .
the fl studio envelope controls allow you to create melodies . learn more about working with the sytrus generator in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
first theater audition ? get tips for picking a good monologue in this free video clip about how to audition with a monologue .
learn how to play the top three hands of the pyramid poker variant in this free video series from our poker expert and professional card shark who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
before buying wire jewelry , do a little research . learn where to buy beads for wire jewelry making with this free crafting video from a professional jewelry artist .
watch an expert chef add the skin to roast pig in a china box in this free cooking recipe video .
use a detail brush in a windmill watercolor painting to add fine detail to the rotor and rotors . learn more about windmill details with expertise from an art teacher in this free painting video .
the eb major phrygian mode is a scale for the saxophone that begins on the fourth note of the eb major scale . play thephryge scale in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced music instructor in this free video saxophone lesson .
instruments for massage . learn how to add oil when performing a soothing bath soak in this free video from a hatha yoga instructor .
use a high-pressure air pressure gun when detailing an auto engine to dry off the dirt and grime . use a towel properly after detailing an engine with tips from a car detailing expert in this free video on car maintenance .
learn how to prepare the carrots for a cheesy bean dip that a diabetic person would be able to eat and enjoy in this free video series .
when opening a paint can , use a rocking motion or use a heavy duty scrapper to shape the can and remove it from the lip . avoid deforming the lip of the paint can when opening it with advice from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement and maintenance .
pull the handles for a ceramic flower pot into a thin ribbon of clay . learn how to pull ceramic handles with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
learn how to have a card selected and returned with a table spread for stripper deck from a professional magician in this free card trick video
getting someone in a choke is a good way to defend yourself when someone grabs your arms . learn the basic aikido wrist grab defense technique kotegaeshi from a front choke in this free a 5th degree black belt and us martial arts hall of fame inductee video .
learn how to use bandannas to style your hair with expert beauty tips in this free hair styling and accessories video clip .
a clove hitch knot is often used to lash two poles together . learn how to tie a cloushitch knot for anchoring a load in this free knot tying video from an eagle scout .
short form improv consists of scenes , or stories , that are unrelated to each other . learn more about short form improv from an improv comedy expert in this free video .
smelling wine is very different when it comes to the tasting . learn how to identify the different aromas at the top and bottom of a wine tasting bottle with expert tips from a wine maker in this free video about how to make wine .
learn how to massage the toes during a foot massage with expert tips on massages in this free online video clip .
learn about large decimal cards with expert tips from a math tutor in this free online decimal math video clip .
to care for a horse in a stable , make sure the stalls are clean and dry , mucked out at least once daily and that fresh saw dust is put in . find out how to feed a stabled horse with tips from an equestrian team coach in this free video on horseback riding .
how to deep fry the spring rolls and then serve them and learn this and more in this free online cooking video on asian food taught by an expert chef .
adding a bridge to a silk flower arrangement is a great way to add dimension and interest to your design . learn how to attach a bridge with tips from a floral designer in this free video on flower arrangements .
learn how to sanitize your feet before giving a foot massage with expert sensual foot massage tips in this free online massage therapy video clip .
most bike chains have a master link , which is the link that goes right through the pulleys of the derailleur and cog . buy the right bike chain from a local bike shop to ensure that it works with tips from a bicycle specialist in this free video on installing bike chains .
the quality of a scope will affect the quality of the image that you see . learn about different types of scopes in this free eye-care video .
in basketball , practice the off side pass by moving the arms across the body to pass the ball . learn the off-side pass with tips from a semi-professional basketball player in this free video on basketball tips .
give it a lot of reinforcement stitching to begin because that 's where the pocket will get most of its pressure . learn how to make a pocket purse from recycled jeans in this free fashion video .
yoga right hamstring stretches are a great type of stretch to work the whole leg . learn tips on how to do this pose correctly from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
when choosing a hair style for your face , pull back the hair to take in an observation of your face shape . discover how to choose a face shape with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
learn how the slider technique on a rowing machine makes you feel like you 're rowing on the water , and how to use each machine on a slider in this free exercise video on using rowing machines for health and fitness training .
learn about resources for home school geography with expert tips from an experienced teacher and home school authority in this free homeschooling video clip .
test a pen cartridge to make sure it fits the hole . learn how to test a pen with tips from a wood turning expert in this free video on wood crafts .
in wood turning , use a scraper to remove scratches . learn more about scraping the inside of a bowl from a wood turning specialist in this free video on crafts .
spindly is a simple origami puzzle that is difficult but fun to play anywhere . learn tips from an origami expert on how to finish this puzzle in this free video clip .
turtle diets include pelleted diets and reptomin pellets . learn more about turtle diets with tips from a reptile expert in this free pet care video .
the double tuck jump , in kung fu , is a great jumping exercise for developing explosive power in the legs and jumping high . learn to perform the double tucking jump correctly from a professional kung k fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
naps has an extra moisturizing conditioner , so it helps the hair to be in great condition . learn aboutlying conditioner for spa treatments from a licensed esthetician in this free skin care video .
for shrimp with tarragon-onion sauce , pour a tablespoon of oil into the large pot so that it covers all of the bottom of your pot . learn how to cook shrimp with coconut-cilantro rice using tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
learn how to play the harmonica scale with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
learn what supplies you need to give a professional spa manicure in this free online instructional video series , including nail polish and nail clippers .
there are many components to toning lower abs , cardiovascular exercise , strength training and regular diet . use these exercises to stay healthy and fit . prevent injuries in the future with tips from a professional fitness instructor in this free video .
rondori is a unique jiu-jitsu training method that allows for free-form fighting without pre-planned attacks . learn more about rondori and judo from a professional martial artist in this free video .
improve your bo staff techniques by learning how to do the helicopter spin move in this free martial arts video .
the impact bag is used by golfers to practice the habit of hitting with the ball face ahead of the hands . use the impact bag to improve contact with the golf ball with tips from a master golf instructor in this free video on golf .
learn how to identify the four different stages of beating egg whites for striped christmas cookie rounds in this free baking video .
how to play beat 31 on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
watch and learn from our expert how to shoot doubles at the high house and low house in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
there are two main schools of thought when looking for an acupuncturist for your ailments . learn about the differences between acupuncture , herbs , massage therapy and the five element theory from our medical expert in this free video .
make your own wallet . learn how to make a snap fastener for a wallet in this free video clip about how to sew a jewelry bag .
the kitty wants a corner improv game is a fun and fast-paced game that gets people thinking about taking risks and getting people moving around and making eye contact . learn the improv comedy game kitty want a corner in this free theater acting video from a teacher of improvisation .
decorate the heart-shaped package with hearts for a valentine 's day treat box . add hearts to a 12-by-12 inch treat box with tips from a veteran scrapbooker in this free video on arts and crafts .
in kickboxing , ride the power of a cross punch to avoid injury . take a punch with tips from a martial arts teacher in this free kickboxing video .
asl is used primarily in america , just as spoken english is used in other countries as well . learn the basics of american sign language with tips from a deaf signing expert in this free sign language video .
use a laser welder to tack metal onto a gold ring before welding . learn more about sizing for gold rings with tips from a professional jeweler in this free jewelry video .
when painting , use the same kinds of colors as the foreground piece of cloth to create patterns . learn how to add patterns when painting a wall mural with tips from a professional artist in this free home decor video .
what kind of jump rope do i need for boxing ? learn how to train for boxing by jumping rope in this free training video on exercises for boxers .
using an eye-gel that is specifically formulated for treating baggy eyes will break up toxins in the underneath of the eye area and help flush out dark circles . use a teabag to treat baggy eye circles with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video about the basics of skin care .
get a brief history of motocross riding in this free video about the sport .
when traveling the rails from new york to albany , log onto the amtrak web site to view departure times and rates along with a map of the destination . purchase tickets for a fun traveling experience with tips from a full-service travel agent in this free video on train travel .
stretching and hiking are very important for good posture . learn a few tips on how to improve good posture from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
wearing a helmet is the most important safety component of motocross gear . learn how to choose motoccling gear in this free video .
when choosing a flat iron for hair , try the features like ceramic , metal and tourmaline to keep hair shiny and bouncy . find the right flat iron with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
mantras are great for meditation . learn how to do meditation chanting with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
learn tips how to transition from the c to d keys on an accordion in this free video series that will have you playing the accordion like an expert in no time .
the childs pose is a yoga exercise that works great for rejuvenating the body and adrenal glands . perform the child 's pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga poses .
collard-picard champagne is composed of 80 percent meunier grapes . learn more about collard picard champagne with tips from a wine expert in this free champagne video .
how to play chord progressions for jazz piano in the key of c major , including tips and tricks ; learn this and more in this free online jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
use the pool boy to stretch out your stroke and get the fewest number of strokes you can get per length . learn how to warm up for the triathlon from a professional triathlete in this free iron man video .
learn from our expert some great tips on how to climb rope for an undulation rope workout in this free health video on doing rope undulation workouts .
for shrimp with indian-spiced potatoes , if the stock is too thick , adjust it to a blender . blend vegetable stock for shrimp in coconut-potato puree with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
learn about the super street car class defined by our professional driver in this free car-racing video on nhra racing .
looking for free kids crafts ? learn some tips for making a beaded dragonfly in this free video clip about easy craft masks .
the rounded rectangle tool in adobe photoshop actually creates a rectangle shape for a button that has a certain radius to it that makes it look like it is in a room or cave of any size . learn about this adobe image editing tool and how to use it from a 10 year veteran designer in this free
logic pro 8 has a system preferences dashboard that allows the user to arrange the dashboard in expos . organize screen sets in logic pro 8 ( also known as apple loops ) software using the tips in this free video from a professional audio engineer .
detaching a storm door frame prevents the door from being installed . learn how to detach a new storm door using the storm door installation tips in this free video .
a tennis forehand volley is when a player stays close to the net and hits the ball over when blocking the shot . discover what a tennis volley is with information from a certified tennis pro in this free video on tennis .
learn how to finish a basic parallelogram puzzle in this free video series that will help you understand how and when to utilize this unique way of making music .
adjusting the fill adjustment layer , in photoshop , in order to make your image stand out is a great way to enhance the appearance of your textual image . learn to adjust the fit of your liquid text layers from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
the first thing to do when changing a car 's distributor cap is to locate the distributor cap . learn how to remove a distributor cap on a car with tips from a mechanic in this free car maintenance video .
learn when you should start coloring your hair with expert hair color tips in this free hair styling video clip .
learn some tips on how to walk the bass line with expert tips and advice on bass guitar lesson in this free video clip on music .
the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn a 1st degree a minor scale arpeggios on it in this free video clip series .
learn how to use the myr enforcer artifact creature card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
learn how to use and hold a kneeling bo staff for striking with tips from a martial arts expert in this free weapons training video on using , owning , and jumping bo staff .
learn how to add wet ingredients to sweet and sour sauce in this free recipe video clip .
to disinfect a bathroom , use a toothbrush to get rid of germs . disinfect bathroom hinges with tips from an experienced housekeeper in this free video on housecleaning .
using a paint roller requires using a three-eight-inch nap , rolling the paint on the roller in parallel strokes and ringing it out in different ways to get a smooth finish . use different types of paintrollers to paint a rough , smooth surface with advice from a remodeling contractor and home repair specialist in this
learn from a successful gallery owner about website promotion when starting and running your own art gallery in this free video lesson on the art business .
sometimes a dog needs to be comfortable in a box . learn how to train a dog to sit on their own from a certified dog trainer in this free pet care video .
a good way to talk to girls on the phone is to stay silent , tell the girl a specific question and give a honest and sincere answer . text a girl using the right voice with dating advice from a female dating coach in this free video on dating tips for guys .
start with a typical standard game of solitaire . learn how to play tripeaks solitaire in this free gaming video .
pro tool is in almost every big studio in the world . learn how to black out midi data in this free video series .
how to add lateral curls for curling short hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
adjust the output and output cables of peak pro . learn how to set up bias peak pro sound editing software in this free computer software tutorial from a musician with a home studio .
learn how to add details to your drawing of simple objects and shapes , with tips on breaking the rules of perspective effectively , in this free video drawing lesson .
dreads can be made by sectioning the hair into squares , using a metal comb to aid in back-combing the dread while palm-rolling the hair all the way down the middle to prevent a cylinder shape . create dreads , sealing off the end with an elastic end , with styling advice from
when traveling to work or travel , wear clothes that are comfortable and do n't look like you 're going out of the house . dress decently to travel with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
learn how to add frosting to a yule log recipe in this free cooking video on making aule log dessert recipe for christmas or other holidays .
get started with ice skating by doing a one-foot glide . learn how in this free figure skating video lesson for beginning ice skaters .
the bear claw horse stretch is a great way to loosen up the horse 's hind quarters . learn more about the bear claw stretch with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
learn how to clean and polish the new heel of a pair of women 's shoes by using leather shampoo in this free footwear care and repair video by our expert shoe doctor .
plot your quilt on graph paper to give you a vision as you start assembling the pieces . learn how to make a family quilt in this free home decor video .
add handles to a ceramic sake set by scoring and slipping both surfaces . learn to attach clay handles with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
the flip flap is a sweet soccer move you can learn to get by the defender , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills and tricks in this free video .
learn how to prepare a room to be painted from a professional painting contractor in this free diy home improvement video .
learn tips on how to give a more layered haircut with a razor with the expert tips in this free hair cutting video clip .
get a walkthrough of the guard in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
a career as a police officer starts with getting used to listening to people due to the close nature of police work . get more tips on law enforcement careers with tips from an experienced police officer in this free law enforcement career video .
how to start your bead making history ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by an expert .
learn how to make a reverse layup in basketball with expert basketball tips in this free online sports instruction video clip .
learn how to use ink to highlight a spot in your stamp and how to stamp in this free video clip on stamping tips .
how to finish putting bottoms together for a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
remember the rhythm of your punches . learn about practicing boxing techniques , punches , and jabs on a double end bag in this free training video on basics for boxers .
fix your car yourself ! learn how to jack your car to change rear differential fluid in this free car repair video from an expert auto mechanic .
throwing off the hump is traditionally done . learn how to prepare clay for a sake set in this free ceramics video .
when replacing automotive carpet , use a three prong device to unscrew the clips . discover how to remove car carpet clips with tips from a certified master mechanic in this free video on automotive maintenance .
view some sample formulas in microsoft excel ; learn more about spreadsheet software in this free instructional video .
a dog trainer or behavioral trainer should always consider a customer 's personal lifestyle . learn about lifestyle considerations before buying a dog with tips from a dog trainer in this free pet care video .
there are several methods for testing for hiv . learn about the various methods of hiv testing with tips from a certified medical assistant in this free health video .
oiling bicycle spokes keeps the ends of the spokes in place . learn how to oil bicycle spokes in this free video on bicycle maintenance .
learn how to modify your mountain bike drive train in this free bike care and maintenance video series .
there are several types of jeans for any body type . learn how to pick the perfect jeans for a body type in this free clothing care video from a jeans professional .
make sure a bathroom mat does n't slip when sitting in the shower . learn how to prevent shower mat bacteria from a nanny in this free video on toilet cleaning .
learn how to iron a wedding dress with expert step-by-step instruction in this free clothes ironing video clip .
the double hand push hands tai chi exercise is one that focuses on structure and energy transferring through pushing and turning . learn tips on how to practice this maneuver from an expert in this free video clip .
indian snack food , such as cutlets . learn the recipe for making an indian snack in this free cooking video .
here are some tips on how to play a phrygian mode on the saxophone that will help you be a better saxophone player in this free video clip .
learn how to manage your health club fitness program with expert health and fitness tips from a certified physical fitness trainer in this free online health club management video clip .
what tools and supplies are needed to remove and reinstall your radiator . learn about working with a car radiator in these free auto repair video instructions .
the ca area 151 is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
learn how to identify a toilet malfunction in this free do it yourself bathroom plumbing repair video .
learn how to add vegetable broth for vegetarian korean takkogi with expert cooking tips in this free korean cuisine video clip .
use a medium size brush to outline the outside of the skull . learn how to outline a skull when face painting a joker from a face painting expert in this free crafts video .
by learning the rhymes for `` rickity tickity '' and `` shawnie '' in this free children 's rhyme video from an expert on playtime for kids .
learn a side stretch with small weights for your pilates routine in this free exercise video .
editing midi velocity is a regular necessity when editing music in pro tools . edit music easily and quickly with a basic pro tools set up using tips from an experienced recording engineer in this free video on music recording .
a kimora submission move can be used in judo and jiu-jitsu and is done by starting from the guard and wrapping one arm around the opponent 's arm . use kimoras in combat sports with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on fighting and judo submission moves
if you are looking to make more advanced airbrush stencils , learn how to make and use the kiss , kiss method in this free airbrushing video clip about beginning to airbrush .
find out how to pick the right paint for screen printing on t-shirts in this free video clip on fashion tips .
if a player is satisfied with his hand , he will likely get all his chips in on the flop . learn how to play omaha poker in this free gaming video .
learn how to make your henna design for the door hanger for your home in this free crafts video on making henna art designs for wood and paper .
adding color and character to rocks in a snowscape watercolor painting is a great way to add dimension and dimension . learn how to paint rocks with expert tips from an art teacher in this free painting video .
how to rinse and dry your hands after washing in this free personal health video series .
learn from our expert how to do a counter arc move in rodeo lateral movement in this free instructional video on horse riding and rodeo barrel racing .
make sure the one piece of djembe drum runs parallel to the rope there . make sure the knots are made no more than a distance . learn how to make a djmbe drum loop in this free african drum video from a musician .
for shrimp with tarragon-onion sauce , add two cups of water to the water to start preparing the stock . add stock to a shrimp shrimp recipe with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
when playing the swing drum beat pattern , create variance by playing the kick drum on the and of one and the four . learn more about this swing drum pattern with expert tips in this free drumming video .
in aikido the mune tsuki iriminage wrist grab defense is a martial art that uses your opponent 's momentum to attack and drop them to the ground . watch this free video clip and learn how to avoid and take down an opponent as they try a wrist grab .
do n't limit your valentine 's day scrapbook to one picture . learn how to make a scrapbook with foam and glue in this free video clip about easy scrapbooking ideas .
some people are used to playing one type or another of solitaire . learn how to play tripeaks solitaire in this free gaming video .
clay pottery requires patience and detail with every tool you use to hand craft your piece . learn about clay forming tips that you will need from a pottery expert to create a sake set in this free video clip .
for handcrafted earrings , attach dangling beads to a headpin . make a beaded earring with expert tips from an artisan in this free beading video .
a song can be played on an ipod by typing in the lyrics , clicking the lyrics under itunes and selecting the scrubber mode . find out how to read ipod lyrics with tips for a computer consultant in this free video series on computer software .
learn how to use the feint touch attack in sabre fencing with a demonstration of the false touch attack from an expert in this free how to video lesson on saber fencing attacks .
when drawing a comic figure of super-hero , use colored pens and a smudge stick to fine-tune the lines . learn more about drawing a superhero figure with tips from an illustrator in this free video on art .
posting a blog on myspace is easy with these tips , learn all about myspace accounts , profiles , videos , and photos in this free video .
in kung fu , use both hands to block a round kick and drive it in with the right hand when performing the double palm block and reverse punch combination . find out more about this fighting fighting combo from a karate instructor in this free martial arts video .
keeping your glute tight and flat , learn how to do push up glute extensions in this free exercise video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
use glass containers to store dry food . learn how to use pantry space for storing dry food with expert tips in this free home organization video .
your core is vital in any workout . learn some great tips on how to stay centered during your upper body workouts in this free video .
tune the ukulele by tuning it to the corresponding strings on a digital tuner or by holding down the fifth fret on first string . find out how to tune the g , c major and a ukiulele with tips from a professional musician in this free music lesson video .
to put on muscle mass fast , eat a consistent diet that provides plenty of fuel , and use strength-training exercises with large amounts of protein . build muscle mass quickly with tips from a fitness director in this free video on muscle building and free weights .
when giving speeches at the podium , use good posture and make sure you have plenty of space to walk . learn how to give a great speech from professional speaker and communications instructor tracy goodwin in this free public speaking video .
in women 's business clothes , a camisole is very important to look good on the outside . learn how to pick out and wear a saisole for work with tips from a fashion stylist in this free men 's clothing video .
learn how to tune your bagpipe in this free video series that will show you everything you need to know about playing the bagpipe .
picking a good location for your sandcastle is easy with these tips , get expert advice on sandcastle repair & maintenance in this free video .
many women with breast reductions will feel heavy chest pain and bleeding . learn what to expect from breast reduction surgery in this free cosmetic surgery video from a professional plastic surgeon .
in fly fishing , use a compass to navigate underwater . learn more about navigating underwater using a compass in this free fly fishing video from the owner of a fishing tackle store .
learn how to choose the right combination of nuts and bolts for your home tool box in this free educational video series .
use sterile potting soil for growing houseplants , sterilizing the soil to kill off beneficial microbes and to make the plant healthy . use sterile soil for seeding greens with insight from a horticulturist in this free gardening video .
in basketball , squaring to the basket and shuffling the feet is an effective way to defend against a layup . defend against layups with tips from an experienced basketball player in this free video on basketball defense .
get a restraining order to stop harassing your family and friends by contacting the police department , or the local court 's office to file the necessary paperwork . be prepared to deal with an escalating harassing situation with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
learn tips on how to write 'utter a word ' with the chinese radical of mouth in this free video clip on chinese characters and foreign languages .
while yam chips are out of the oven , let them cool a bit before placing them in a ziploc . learn about avoiding junk food , as well as tips for making healthy dieting snacks like yams .
when making wind chimes , use scissors to cut in the center of the design . cut the edges of wind chime pipes with tips from a wind chide manufacturer in this free video about crafts .
how to play riff 28 for playing blues guitar in a ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
learn how to properly put on a mountain bike helmet in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable mountain biker .
sewing projects made easy ! learn tips for pinning front fabric to a dress in this free video clip about how to sew a jewelry bag .
take full control over your photographs ; learn how to use the aperture and range controls for manual and digital cameras in this free video on photography basics .
learn how to do a spinning hook kick to prepare for a hook kick , from a black belt instructor in this free martial arts video on practicing and doing basic boxing kicks .
a triceps press with dumbbell is a great exercise to defy gravity and take a toll on the back of the arm . learn more about tricep press dumbbell exercises with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
learn how to apply designer series paper for an embossed valentine 's day card with expert tips on arts and crafts for children in this free video .
pro tools tdm users can move an audio file to a different bar . learn how to use a tdm using the tdm options of digidesign pro tools with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
learn how to use the dvd player on a newly soft modded xbox with expert tips and advice on xbox video games in this free computer gaming video clip .
do n't forget your eyebrows ! learn how to fill in your eyebrows with eyeshadow in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
avoid an abusive relationship by ignoring the stop sign , paying attention to the inner-self and obeying the abusive person 's signals . avoid abusive relationships with tips from a relationship author and talk show host in this free video on relationships .
installing windows on linux requires a computer program called wine , which is a windows emulator for linux . put windows on a computer with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
the child pose in yoga is a great way to release tension in the lower back . learn some tips on how to properly do the child yoga pose from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
gores for a motorcycle are two-forty grit and three-twenty-grit . get expert tips and advice on motorcycle riding and handling in this free video .
learn how to place the napkins for a christmas dinner party in this free holiday etiquette video from a catering expert .
i want to see a movie . learn how to do sign language related to sports and activities in this free education video .
how to play chorus 1 , lick 15 for `` natural d blues '' by wes montgomery on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing blues guitar in this free music lesson video .
the lateral step , or side to side , will help build strength and control in your feet and ankles . learn how to properly do lateral step exercises in this free functional movement workout video .
how to finish preparing your african-themed pillow project ; all this and more in this free online educational series of arts and crafts videos taught by design expert denise robinson .
strikes can get an attacker away from you . learn how to get out of a bear hug in this free video about self defense techniques for women .
the charger tool is used to make ceramic plates and plates . learn how to use the tools needed to make a charger with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
use puff paint to draw shapes and create a stained-glass look . learn how to draw patterns and fill in the paint to make stained glass patterns in this free craft video .
learn how to select your pockets for a mummy halloween costume in this free costume video .
what are the different types of bacteria that cause food poisoning ? learn the signs and symptoms of food poisoning in this poison prevention video from a medical professional .
use a larger brush when watercolor painting orchid blossoms to clean up and create more color . learn more about coloring blossoms using watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
file a mechanics lien by contacting the local county court offices or hiring an attorney for help filling out the proper form . find out more about the mechanics liens with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
pro tools users can adjust the output settings of devices . learn how to adjust output settings in pro tools with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
to select face makeup for african-american skin tone , start by getting a warmer foundation that matches the jaw line , nose , cheeks and forehead . choose face makeup that matches heart shaped skin with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on beauty and personal care .
lifting up in vinyasa yoga is a great way to stretch the muscles and open up the hips . learn a few helpful variations for this stretch from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
sinkers are good for adding weight to ice fishing line . learn more about ice fishing preparations in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . here is a free video on core training exercises to help you in your operation fit !
tangling up a leg in judo is difficult , but there are ways to get out . learn how to stretch out your opponent 's leg from a judo expert in this free video clip .
learn how to do an inside turn as a couple salsa dancing with expert latin dancing instruction from a professional salsa dancer in this free online dance lesson and choreography video clip .
matching fiberglass to a surfboard ensures a great finished surfboard . match surfboard fiberglass with the tips in this free video on surfing and skateboarding from a professional surfboard shaper .
certain turtles will eat live insects . get information about turtle feeding habits with tips from the owner of a reptile store in this free pet care video .
stretching is very important in all martial arts including aikido . learn how to stretch the knee joint and hip joints from a martial arts expert in this free video clip .
learn from our expert that it 's important to consult the owner 's manual to properly clean a microwave in this free how-to video on cleaning a microwave .
in order to cut acrylic plastic , a fine tooth may be required , while a skill saw or table saw will need to be used to cut it with a fine-toothed blade . find out the best way to cut an acrylic plastic surface with instruction from an experienced builder in this free video on carpentry
mixing motor oil and gas is done in a gas tank on four-cycle engines . learn how to mix motor oil with gas in this free car maintenance video .
one way to measure broadband speed is by checking the speed of the broadband connection . improve broadband speed with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computer networking .
learn how to mix vocal sounds when playing the drums in this free video music lesson .
cartooning made easy ! learn how to draw mouths on cartoon villains and monsters in this free video on cartooning and drawing bad guys .
to write a great punchline for comedians , watch other comedians , such as a jerry seinfeld , a story comedian , a bill cosby , a frank caliendo or a rich little . write your own joke and stick to it with advice an experienced entertainment writer in this free video on comedy writing .
for juggling four balls , three-ball siteswaps provide a number which corresponds to how high the throw is , or accurately to how long it 's in the air . use four-ball patterns for juggling three balls with tips from a professional juggler in this free video on hobbies .
in math , indirect proportion is when an increase in one quantity results in a decrease in another . solve indirect proportion problems with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
the target area in fencing is the most important part of a lateral parry . learn about lateral parries and why they are important from a fencing coach in this free video .
the end of `` magic the gathering '' encompasses both players ' action , with the middle object being the `` dark banishing '' and the victorian `` kinsbale '' receiving priority . learn how to finish `` magic cards '' from a certified judge in this free magic cards video .
learn about the basic rules and strategies of 'the reach for the top ' paintball game anywhere in the world in this free video clip .
applying blush can help give your eyes a dramatic effect . learn how to apply blush in this free makeup video about stage makeup techniques .
learn how to fold tights to maximize space in your suitcase to maximize your space in this free traveling video on folding clothes in a suitcase .
painting a duck decoy is easy with these tips , get expert advice on art and painting in this free video .
first theater audition ? get tips for picking the right monologue in this free video clip about how to audition with a monologue .
learn tips on how to write 'utter a word ' with the chinese radical of mouth in this free video clip on chinese characters and foreign languages .
a laying close grip press is a great way to work out the triceps . learn how to strengthen and tone your triceps muscle with this free workout video .
make sure that the velcro will hit where it needs to . learn how to make a wallet from recycled jeans in this free fashion video .
it 's important to make your clay mug symmetrical so that you can use it to decorate your cup . learn how to make a clay mug in this free video clip from a clay expert .
to become a master gardener , attend gardening shows and learn about bugs , trees , soils and transplanting plants . get helpful information on gardening from a sustainable gardener in this free video on gardening .
worms and other live prey are what your bearded dragon eats . learn how to take care of a bearded dragon and reptiles in this free video tutorial on exotic pets .
a full back roll in yoga will help you stretch the back and open up the core . learn how to do a full back yoga roll with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
when trimming a belly cast , keep the edges clean and trimmed small to make a straight edge ; learn how to cast a belly in this free video .
when installing a quill stem on your bike , apply a little grease to the inside of the steer tube in order to prevent it from rusting up and rusting . install a quilled stem with tips from a bike mechanic in this free video on bicycles .
waxing a snowboard can keep the snowboard from getting dry , which can cause it to shrink . find out how waxing can help keep snowboards dry with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free video on snowboarding .
learn how to gather detergents and softeners , with tips to sort , wash , and dry clothes , in this free housekeeping video .
play drum triplets partial at the end of a phrase with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
how to play chorus 2 , lick 17 for `` natural d blues '' by wes montgomery on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing blues guitar in this free music lesson video .
get an introduction to headaches , symptoms , and treatment options with expert medical tips in this free online headache relief video clip .
treat tick bites under the skin by squeezing the tick near the head with tweezers . learn how to treat tick bites with tips from a firefighter in this free first-aid video .
the mountain pose , in yoga , is the basis of all standing yoga poses . learn how to do the mountain yoga pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
learn about the structure of the lyrics of a country song with expert tips and advice on country songwriting techniques and music lesson in this free video clip on guitars .
learn how to best position your hands for using an edge sander and get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on precision sanding tools in this free woodworking video .
to configure microsoft mail on windows vista , access a comcast or hotmail account by clicking on the accounts button , selecting the `` new account '' button and then adding the e-mail address and pop account information . configure microcentory 's new account to configure windows mail with tips from a software
learn how to reinstall a wheel after changing the brake pads on a car with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
gothic bracelets can come in a variety of styles and sizes . learn which ones are right for you in this free video series .
learn how to make lemon zest pizzelles in this easy vegetarian recipe on video .
the support clip for a tailgate from a chevy 4x4 truck can fit securely in place on the roof . learn how to fit the backing clip on a chevian from a professional woodworker in this free automotive video .
a snake sheds its skin in much the same way that people take their socks off . learn how a snake sheds it skin in this free video on pet care .
when expunging a shoplifting conviction , it 's important to hire a criminal lawyer that specializes in this case . get help from the criminal records department of the state to expunge a conviction with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal self-help .
build a bat house with a back panel that curves in the back . learn how to assemble panels to make a homemade bat house from a professional batman in this free bat conservation video .
the mixer has two channel faders , each channel controls one turntable and one volume control . learn how to use a scratch style mixer from a professional dj in this free music video .
before going to an art lesson , deciding what you want out of your work is important . decide what qualities to avoid in an artistic design with the tips in this free painting and drawing lesson from an art instructor .
the experience of a legal assistant varies from state-to-state , but generally has no standardized requirement of education . find out about legal assistant qualifications with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
 undefined expectations , or not saying what you want to do , can cause a relationship to develop conflict . learn about defining expectations from a communications expert in this free relationship advice video .
learn some tips on on onsite solutions for your construction problems in this free home improvement video .
stuffed vegetable recipes are both easy and delicious . learn how to finish stuffing tomatoes for this stuffed tomatoes recipe in a free cooking video .
using a block can be helpful in yoga poses , like utthita hasta , where the forward press is done on the legs . practice yoga poses with a block , and get tips from an experienced yoga instructor in this free video on yoga exercises .
getting started with the equipment when making a secure wireless internet connection is the first step ; learn about wireless networks and routers in this free instructional video on wireless internet connections .
playing singles , doubles and paradiddles together is easy with these tips , get expert advice on drum skills in this free video .
swim goggles are usually more rated for indoor than outdoor , and they come with uv protection in conjunction with a foam gasket . swim better than swim goggles with tips from the owner of a swimwear shop in this free video on swimming goggles .
get tips on the proper way to keep your feet moving as a running back in american football in this free football video lesson on how to be a star running back .
the best cool , educational baby toys ! learn all about baby toys that help your baby develop physical development in this free video clip on baby safety and baby learning toys .
learn tips for cheerleaders with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video on advanced cheerleading stunts .
how to thicken cuban black bean soup ; learn more about traditional cuban and latin american food in this free cooking video .
get a walkthrough of guard in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
installing the intake duct work is done by passing the duct work onto the throttle body . learn how to install your intake ductwork in these free auto repair video instructions featuring a certified mechanic .
growing black-eyed-susan plants requires full sun exposure , good drainage in a raised flower bed and consistently growing two to three sets of blooms . make a healthy rudbeckia garden with tips from a professional gardener in this free video on gardening .
using your palm as weapons is easy with these tips , get expert advice on martial arts and body conditioning in this free video .
how to use the solution with contact lenses in this free eye care video .
pine cones are an easy tool to find for wilderness survival . learn how to find base , wildlife and pine cones from an eagle scout in this free survival skills video .
how to find a place to fire your clay bowls in this free video lesson on ceramics .
the california rattle snake is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
looking for fun improv comedy games ? learn how to play `` how to '' improv comedy game in this free video on comedy acting .
living food includes raw food that stays alive for at least 24 to 45 hours and comes from fresh greens . live food sources with tips from an organic gardener in this free video on gardening .
learn how to make an americano at home from our expert in this free drink recipe video on making gourmet tee and coffee drinks .
how to plate a gourmet coffee cake recipe , including ingredients and preparation ; learn tips , tricks and more in this free online cooking video taught by expert chef pamela bowman , aka chef blondie .
are there rules in improv ? learn about the rules of improv in this free video on theatre acting tips and techniques .
the seated forward bend in yoga creates a sense of stability and evenness in the legs . learn more about the yoga seated twist with tips from a yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
the default browser of internet explorer is turned on the menu bar , followed by the `` tools '' tab and internet options button . change the default browser to internet explorer easily and quickly with tips from an internet guru in this free video on how to use internet browser features .
in youth basketball , the corner passing drill can help a player improve hand-eye coordination and catching skills . perform the corner pass drill with tips from a basketball coach in this free video on youth basketball .
learn about some simple magic tricks that you can use at the dinner table in this free magic lesson video .
feeding your sand boa will help you stay safe and healthy . learn what to feed your boa with expert tips on owning snakes in this free exotic pet care video .
applying cream for a beauty pageant is easy with these tips , get expert advice on beauty pageants in this free video .
aikyo is a martial art that uses your opponent 's momentum to defend against them . watch this free video clip and learn how to avoid and take down an opponent as they try a wrist grab wrist grab .
make something different for dinner tonight ! learn how to make chicken kiev in this free video clip about party appetizer recipes .
checking the sail is easy with these tips . get expert advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
to draw a breast , first locate the body by sketching in the mid-section , then position the body around the nipple and chest . sketch out a breast with a light-colored crayon with tips from an experienced artist and art supply store employee in this free video on drawing .
learn how to make a pop-up candles for a wedding or get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
learn the warrior pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
learn how to fold pillowcases from an ironing expert in this free laundry care video .
calling shots in billiards is easy with these tips , get expert advice on pool and 8 ball in this free video .
to find an agent to promote a screenplay , submit the script to smaller production companies that will raise production costs , or consider getting a movie company to sponsor the script . find a filmmaker to help promote a film with advice from an independent filmmaker in this free video on the film industry .
learn how to add a movie poster to your cozy corner by watching these free home decor videos from our budget interior design expert .
draw the basic shape of a face using a sketch as a guide . learn how to draw basic shapes on a face with expert tips from an artist in this free drawing video .
get instructions and tips for preparing japanese chiles for your pozole dish including information on ancho and california chiles ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video about ethnic food taught by an expert in traditional mexican cuisine .
compare automobile insurance policy limits and quotes by sitting down with a local agent and discussing the different carriers . find out how agencies can help reduce auto insurance premiums by keeping track of the premiums with this free video from a licensed insurance agent about automobile insurance information .
a supermodel 's salary depends on the market they are in , with new york being a good place to start , advertising is a good example of this model 's portfolio and also on billboards and television . find out how much models make money each year with information from the director of a modeling academy in
learn how to install butt connectors for fog lights with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
reason 4 has many preferences such as cpu usage that can be used and altered to make it easier to work with . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
select clothing colors that complement blonde hair and light eyes by picking outfits with neutral colors like browns , light greens and reds to bring out the eyes . avoid picking out strong colors and pick out items that highlight blonde and light eye makeup with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
in a medicine ball workout , a back-to-back passing drill will work on the obliques and twisting . learn about medicine ball exercises for boxers in this free boxing workout video .
after a piece of clay is fired , smoothing the edges will add a nice touch to your piece . learn how to smooth the edges of your clay piece in this free ceramics video .
the overhead shoulder press , combined with an anterior pull-in , is an exercise that works all three heads of the shoulder , from the front to the middle , and that works the rotator cuff . do an overhead press with tips from an experienced fitness and exercise guru in this free video on exercising .
a flying jump in modern dance begins with a jump from the left foot to the right . learn to do a flying jump with tips from a professional dancer in this free modern dance video .
learn how to do the parsma bacasama yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness lesson video .
get an explanation on how to play the fifteenth variation of an eighth note drum beat ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
avoid being open and honest with your partner when ending a relationship . learn about being honest when ending relationships with advice in this free video from an expert on interpersonal communications .
when performing a grind on a skateboard , set up the skateboard on the quarter pipe and practice balancing the wheel using the coping . practice grinds with tips from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
geminini women are tall slender women that are intelligent and have a plan for taking them out on intellectual stimulation . date a person who has the gemini astrological sign with tips from a professional astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
arm rotations are a great way to loosen up the joints after a workout . learn how to do arm rotations with tips from a professional cheerleader in this free video about cheerleading stunts and chants .
buying hookah accessories is a good way to spice up a hookah shop . learn about the different types of hookahs in this free video hookah smoking lesson from a professional hookah bar owner .
fertilizing plants is important to house plants , get expert tips and advice on growing plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
learn how to wear a corset to create a goth women 's look with expert makeup tips in this free goth fashion video clip .
learn the importance of water filters in refrigerators with tips about buying a refrigerator in this free home appliance video .
ludwig van beethoven was one of the greatest music composers in history and this piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
learn how to measure and cut leatherhide to create your own knife sheath in this free video series about leather working and its various techniques .
the 2-5-1 note pattern on a saxophone is a popular progression in the key of b flat that has an ab-drum pattern . play an a flat ( b flat ) major scale on the saxophone with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on music theory .
the function of a spark plug is to make the cylinder fire . learn how electrical spark plugs work from a professional mechanic in this free automotive video .
planning art time with kids is easy ; learn how to make an orange clay tree with children in this free online instructional arts and crafts video .
a wooden baseball bat is usually made of ash or hard rock maple and is carved into a fashion with a knob . discover how a wooden bat is made with information from a baseball instructor in this free video on baseball tips and tricks .
understand the importance of spreading germs around four and five year olds with expert childcare tips in this free online healthy kids diet video clip .
learn how to use the geth 's grimoire artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
watch as an expert bachelor explains what not to do and how to avoid offenses in this free online video about attracting women .
building a balloon heart . learn how to make balloon heart in this free childrens party entertainment video from an expert on twisting and folding balloon animals .
a double vanilla latte is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on the importance of guitar stores .
looking for a new dinner recipe ? learn how to dice apples for chicken in this free video clip about party appetizer recipes .
practice percussive strumming on tom-tom drums with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction and improvisation .
learn how to do the basic men 's figure dancing step for dancing the waltz in this free instructional dance video .
a claustrophobia is a feeling of tight spaces in space . learn about claustrophic proportions from a social worker in this free overcoming phobia video .
attach a bridle on a horse after putting the rein over the horse 's head , undoing the cross ties and then taking the halter off . attach a bridled with tips from an equestrian team coach in this free video on horseback riding .
learn how to play bass notes as you learn how to fingerpick the blues on the guitar , from a professional guitar player in this free video music lesson .
exploring strobe lights ; learn about and how to use professional photography equipment in this free video on being a pro photographer .
hippotherapy can use a variety of movements and techniques , depending on the patient 's needs . learn about hippotherapy with expert tips from an occupational therapist in this free medical treatment video .
sell a junk car in indiana by removing personal items and license plates from the car , finding a junkyard or recycling center that will buy the vehicle and bringing in a title for the vehicle . have inoperable junk cars towed to scrap yards or junkyards to receive cash with tips from the manager
the mountain yoga pose is a foundational pose that can be used for all other yoga poses . learn more about the mountain pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn about the health hazards of making absinthe in this free home brew video from our professional bartender and brewer of his own beers .
learn how to add sesame oil to make korean kimchi with expert cooking tips in this free korean sushi video clip .
learn how to make some shrimp stock for stuffed mushrooms from our expert chef in this free recipe video on making a shrimp and ham stuffed mushrooms recipe .
in chair yoga for seniors , perform the corpse pose by lying down on your back and using a blanket as a cushion . practice the shivasina pose with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free video on chair yoga .
an intaglio burin can use a variety of lines to create unique engraving lines . learn to use a burin with tips from a printmaker in this free printmaking video series .
mandolin is an instrument that could fit in almost any genre of music including bluegrass . learn a bit about bluegrass music and how a mandolin can sound great in it from from one mandolin expert in this video .
massage therapy can be performed to relieve the symptoms of elbow arthritis . discover massage techniques to treat tendinitis with help from a massage therapist in this free video on elbow arthritis treatments .
heavy bags are good for power and accuracy when shadow boxing . learn how to use heavy bags to shadow box a boxer , such as a heavyweight , in this free video on training for boxers .
