learn how and why to use different colors in your garden in this free video clip on perennial gardening .
learn how to pick stained glass for stepping stones in this free video series that will have you creating these unique stones in no time .
the melody to section a of `` beaumont rag '' is fun and simple to play on the mandolin . learn tips on how to play the first melody section of this song from a musician in this free video clip .
facial scrubs are generally used about once a week on the skin . learn tips for removing facial scrubs with expertise from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
when all the aces come out relatively close to each other in aces up solitaire it is very hard to recover . learn how to play acesup solitaire in this free gaming video .
learn how hair color works in this free hair care video clip on beauty and fashion .
learn how to prepare eggplant for bread , in this free online video recipe .
learn the different domino polka kneel steps with expert polka dancing tips in this free online dance lesson and choreography video clip .
an electric toothbrush has soft bristles , a vibrating effect , which helps break up stains , whiter teeth and gum health . discover the benefits of electric toothbrushes with information from a licensed dental assistant in this free video on dental hygiene .
the key of c on upright bass has the notes for each chord . learn about how to find notes for upright bass chords in this free stringed instrument video lesson from a music teacher .
how to apply lipstick for photo shoot makeup ; get expert tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetics for looking great in professional photos in this free beauty video .
learn how to correctly and quickly read a tremolo picking pattern on guitar tabs in this free video series that will have you fluently reading guitar tablature in no time .
glaze glaze test tiles can be fired on different surfaces to prepare clay for firings . learn about glaze firing test tiles with tips from an artist in this free video on ceramics and pottery .
learn how to adjust the tuning posts on your acoustic guitar to ensure that your instrument will remain in tune and play music beautifully in this free video series .
medical expenses are tax deductible . get tips for understanding the definition of cosmetic surgery in this free video clip about tax deductible items .
when attempting to date libra women , understand that they are beautiful and are looking for someone who is worthy of attention . date a libra woman with tips from a professional astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
learn how to prepare the thyme for cajun ratatouille with expert cooking tips in this free recipe video on combining french and caju cuisine to make couille .
chi gong is an important way to warm up the knees , hips and spine . learn how to start a warm up in chi gong with this free video clip .
martial artists use the back leg to strike an opponent in the stomach or groin . learn how to do a back leg kick in this free video on women 's kickboxing techniques .
learn about all the ingredients you will need for making authentic spicy acapulco chicken ; learn more about making traditional mexican and latin american food in this free cooking video .
the guitar neck is an important part of an acoustic guitar setup . learn how to remove the guitar neck in this free video .
the main thing to keep your swimming pool clear is by getting a test kit at least every week . learn more about pools and ph levels from a pool supply store manager in this free swimming pool video .
when applying etching cream to glass etching stencils , make sure to shake up the stencil in one minute . etch stencil and etch cream for a glass stenciled project with the tips in this free video on how to etch glass from a crafts expert .
some piercings heal faster than others because of blood flow and the healing time associated with the piercing . learn the importance of body piercing healing time in this free video from an experienced piercer on body modifications .
adjust angle , depth of field and aperture of your digital camera . learn tips for taking fine photographs with a canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
when training for an off-road triathlon , practice static stretching after running and lifting to enhance recovery and build flexibility ; learn more from our professional triathlete in this free iron man video .
load a lavender still for distillation by filling it in five pounds of lavender buds , adding purified water and locking it in a pool timer . load lavender a still for an oil distillation session with a demonstration from a tea lounge owner in this free video on lavender .
when drawing a cartoon character , start with the eyes to get a sense of what it is like to be a character , and then work down ideas for different facial features and personality . sketch cartoon characters with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
stretching is a great way to increase blood flow and improve tae kwon do skills . learn more about stretching in this free martial arts video .
inflatable sleeping pads will often get holes in them . learn how to fix a hole in an inflatable sleeping pad on backpacking trips in this free camping video on the outdoors .
learn how to prepare and serve sandwiches in this free alternative health video..
become a portrait photographer by studying how lighting reacts with human skin in order to understand how the sun reflects on the skin and how different age groups react to the light . become a successful portrait photographer with information from a professional art and commercial photographer in this free video on photography .
garden-themed wedding centerpiece vases can be filled with sheets moss , silk flowers , flower buds and other decorations . create a garden-themed centerpiece with tips from an event coordinator in this free wedding planning video .
in yoga , moving from the plank pose to sun salutations will help maintain proper alignment and posture . learn how to move from sun salutation to plank pose in yoga with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
learn about and how to clean an espresso maker in this free drink recipe video on making your own espresso drinks .
get an introduction to skateboarding and its uses in this free how-to video on skateboarding tips and techniques .
in an art lesson , cross hatching is a technique that 's used to build a shot through shading with lines . learn to draw crosshatching with tips from an illustrator in this free video on art .
learn how to make chocolate chip cookie dough in this free recipe video clip .
learn the signs of deception in body language and how to read body language in this free video on body language communication skills .
how to style hair with down braids ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn how to prepare for paint for a ceiling in this free diy painting video .
plan out your sandcastle before you get started . learn how to water a sandcastle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
learn how to undo the flash , nose band and throat latch and put the bridle on a horse and how to tack up a horse in this free equestrian video on horse care and riding .
the single whip is a tai chi movement that reveals the benefits of the martial arts . learn to perform the single whip movement from a professional fai chi instructor in this free martial arts video .
how to sharpen a spiral metal drill bit ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on how to sharpen carpentry tools in this free instructional video .
learn tips on how to set up an audio track in logic pro music software in this free video for artists , bands , and songwriters .
learn how to create the spout for a double-walled pottery teapot in this free video lesson on ceramic art .
here are some tips on how to start a face painting business from our expert in this free video clip on face painting .
clean kitchen and bathroom rugs by dusting off all the dirt and dust before putting them in the washer or dryer . find out more about rug care with tips from a professional house cleaner and organizer in this free video on housekeeping .
the tucked no-hand bmx trick is an intricate maneuver that requires pinching the knees and pulling the bars forward to execute the trick . learn more about the tucked no - hand bmx maneuver from a professional bmx rider in this free biking video .
when making a calender , do n't let past dictate how to look at the finished project . fold paper for a calendar with the crafts tips in this free video on calender gift projects from an arts and crafts teacher .
antique connecticut clocks with gilding capitals are a great style of clocks . find out about connecticut antique clocks with tips from a clock repairman and collector in this free video on antique collecting .
practice fireworks safety by being designated as an ignition officer assigned to the shooter . avoid injury when lighting fireworks with tips from a fire captain in this free pyrotechnics video .
want to give a great speech ? get tips for writing a killer , attention-getting introduction in this free video clip about writing a great persuasive speech for public speaking .
most of the time , you 're going to catch bad hands . learn how to play jacks to open poker in this free gaming video .
demonstrating a martial arts defense against a knife threat to the carotid artery . learn self-defense with martial arts in this free video .
learn the meaning of the hamletback goliath red or chaos card and how to play it in magic : the gathering in this free card game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
when decorating valentine finger puppets , make the craft come to life by decorating the face with funny faces . decorate the face of a valenta finger puppet with tips from a long-time crafts enthusiast in this free video on arts and crafts .
recycle everything that you possibly can so , you 'll take the ends of flower arrangements and cut off and use those for tools . learn how to make a silk flower wall hanging in this free video about arranging silk flower arrangements .
a professional skateboarder can make around $ 1,000 a month , but most professional skaters can make between $ 5,000 and $ 10,000 per month . find out what a professional skater can make in this free video on skateboarding careers from a professional skateboarding instructor .
how to properly cut guitar strings when you restring a guitar ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
benefits of using black beans in your meal including improving stamina and high fiber ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by an expert chef .
how to remove the retaining clips . learn about universal joint replacement on a car 's rear axle in this free car repair video .
learn how to do a football drill with resistance bands in your workout with this free fitness video .
learn how to play aerosmith 's 'dream on ' on guitar in this free video clip on reading and playing guitar tablature .
how to add shimmer for applying makeup like the singer alicia keys ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
add spices such as chili powder and coriander to paneer masala and learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
the best way to learn climbing movement is to go to a local indoor gym and take a technique class or climb with qualified instructors . learn basic rock climbing movement , such as keeping arms long and using the feet for support , with help from an experienced rock climber in this free video on rock climbing techniques .
to do a push-up , maintain good straight body alignment , supporting the muscles of the upper body utilizing your hands , shoulders and chest . do push-ups with tips from a fitness director in this free video on exercising .
learn how to cut onions for meatball ( albondigas ) soup in this free meatball soup recipe video .
how to make a reversible teddy bear explained in this free stuffed animal video .
do you want 6 pack abs ? here are some great ab exercises such as the 100 that will help get you there in these free fitness videos .
how much water to add for growing mexican honeysuckle plants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own plants and herbs in this free gardening video .
learn how texture is used as a basic element of painting design in this free instructional video art lesson .
it is unacceptable for anyone to cheat on a paintball field . learn about common cheating for paintball in this free sports and recreation video .
what foods can i give my kids to help their digestion ? learn about children 's nutrition , food allergies , and getting kids to eat healthy in this free video .
learn tips on how to properly play a barred g7 chord on a left handed guitar with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
learn how to mix red paint for your painting and tips on the basics of color theory in this free instructional art video .
chalk lines can be used to cut a straight line or to pop the line . learn how to snap a chalkline using the home remodeling tips from the owner of a construction company in this free video .
how to create the first hole for throwing pottery on the potter 's wheel ; learn this and more in this free video arts and crafts lesson taught by a pottery making expert .
learn how to block a kick block in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin karate instructor tony capraro .
you 's possible to come up with a good plan just in a thumbnail sketch , but never know for sure how it 's going to work . learn how to write a calligraphy piece in this free video on watercolor techniques .
when chopping cilantro for shrimp in coconut-potato puree , do n't use the back of the knife . chop cilantro with tips from a professional chef in this free video about culinary arts .
need to repair your strut mounts ? learn how to unscrew a strut compressor with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
when playing violin at a recital , it 's best to practice playing alone instead of in a concert hall . learn more about playing violin in the music hall with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
tremolo is a great guitar effects pedals that can help you get a fuller sound . learn more about tremolo effects pedals from a professional musician in this free guitar video .
in `` magic : the gathering '' state-based effects can get more complex when a cards are not on the stack . understand the effects of state based effects with the role-playing game ( rpg ) tips in this free video on `` magic cards '' from an rpg expert .
when wearing short dresses , wear clothes that are tailored to cover the areas of the body , such as a miniskirt or mini skirt . wear dresses that are short to conceal the body with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
watch a shadowbox painting demonstration with tips from an experienced artist in this free video on home decor .
use a high-speed buffer with a foam pad to remove swirl marks on a speed boat . discover the difference between a high speed buffer and a wool pad with tips from a car wash owner in this free video on speed boat detailing .
in order to clean paving bricks , a scrub brush and power washer can be used . clean a paving brick area with tips from a heating , ventilation and air conditioning ( hvac ) certified technician in this free video on home repair .
learn how to make a video resume and how to submit your video resume in this free online video clip .
learn how to add vegetables to lentil soup , following this heart healthy online recipe video .
the jelly scrubber has knobs on both sides of a horse 's face . learn how to massage a horse with jelly scrubs in this free pet care video from a certified equine massage practitioner .
triplet drum beat exercises are done with the drumsticks moving up and down together instead of in one place . play triplet drum exercises with tips from a high school teacher in this free video on high school drumming .
brake rotors can have a variety of wear and tear . learn how to identify brake rotors with tips from a mechanic in this free brake job instruction video .
hermit crabs are an omnivorous animal which basically eat anything they can find . feed hermit crabs a nutritionally complete diet with tips from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
dismount a sea turtle casserole dish from the potter 's wheel using a sponge . learn about ceramic dismounts with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
in skateboarding , a healflip varial is a version of a front side shove-it combined together that requires the skateboarder to learn how to do heelflips in one direction . do a heal flip varial on a skateboard with tips from a sponsored skateboarding player in this free video
learn how to switch ollie over a board from a skateboarding expert in this free how-to video on performing tricks on a skateboard .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
learn how to check garbage disposal in this free home improvement video from a kitchen appliance expert .
squats are a great lower body workout and a great way to build strength in your lower back . learn some tips for doing squats from a choreographer in this free latino home workout video .
when playing violin double stops from sheet music in line one , measure one play the e string and d natural notes . learn how to shift on the violin in this free video lesson on playing the violin .
listening with the client during cornrow braiding is important for the best comfort and healing . braid cornrows of any size and pattern with tips from an experienced hair stylist in this free video .
improv is an essential skill for any character . learn tips on improv for the theater in this free video series .
learn about the frequency determining components in a breadboard oscillator in this free video series that will help you understand how and when to utilize this unique way of making music .
pull down with your left hand when learning upright bass finger patterns . learn about playing finger pattern 1a on the e string with the left hand on an upright bass in this free stringed instrument video from a music teacher .
handwriting is an art form in itself . learn a bit about handwriting analysis in this free calligraphy video from a calligrapher with three decades of lettering experience .
drum strokes can be very different for every drummer . learn a few basic tips on how to develop callus development for playing the djembe from an expert musician in this free video clip .
learn how to install tower battlements in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
organ players can change keys by modulating a chord . find out how to change keys on an organ using the music tips in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
fashion designers can highlight futuristic sunglasses with metallic designs . learn to design futuristic sunglasses for fashion croquis from a designer in this free fashion illustration video .
playing center field in softball involves communicating with other infielders , throwing low-line drives and communicating with them on the field . play center field with tips from a former collegiate all-american softball player in this free video on softball .
grapes for california sparkling wines are grown in the anderson valley region of the state . learn what to look for when buyingornia sparkling wine with tips from a sommelier in this free sparkling wine video .
learn tips for using store bought hair color with expert hair color tips in this free hair styling video clip .
want to play jazz piano ? learn some jazz tips on spotting 4/4 time in this free video clip on jazz piano tips .
it is imperative to button your button-up short sleeve before you fold it up . you might want to do a super half fold first . learn how to fold button-ups short sleeves in this free clothing care video .
blending eyeshadow for a bridal look on ethnic skin creates a natural effect . learn to apply lid shadow for ethnic skin with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free bridal beauty video .
how to do the eiffel tower trick with your yo-yo in this free yo-yos video .
learn tips on how to write the word 'kiss ' with the chinese radical of mouth in this free video clip on chinese characters and foreign languages .
in self defense , breaking the neck is a very serious and life threatening attack . break the neck with tips from a martial arts expert in this free women 's self defense video .
how to connect your video to your computer in adobe premiere ; learn more about video editing software in this free instructional video .
to repair a clogged ice maker , first check the supply water source , make sure the ice is getting out of the system and check the ice receptor in the door to make sure it is not jammed . replace an ice filter and start with fresh ice with help from a licensed remodeling contractor in this free video
a whole note means four counts in a measure , making up four counts out of four . learn whole notes music theory for midi composing from an audio engineer in this free music theory video .
using the brush tool , in photoshop , is a great way to liquify text . learn some tips for livening up your text from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
learn what types of helmets are best for mountain biking and how to choose the right one when mountain biking in this free video series about biking and biking enthusiasts .
acupuncture is a great alternative medicine that can help reduce or curb an appetite . learn tips on how and why this is from an acupuncture expert in this free video clip .
how to put into a purse or handbag ; get professional tips and advice on choosing and buying fashion accessories in this free fashion video .
a front side 50-50 in skateboarding is when you ollie on to a ledge and grind using both trucks at the same time . do a front side50-50 with tips from a sponsored skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding tricks .
learn how to remove the base from a smoke detector , plus other diy home fire safety tips , in this free home improvement and maintenance video .
women 's swim goggles are anti-fog , have a mirrored finish , are softer on the inside and are all uv protected . wear swim goggles properly with tips from the owner of a swimwear shop in this free video on swimming goggles .
paper you 'll need to make a paper cowboy hat and how to assemble the hat ; learn this and more in this free online arts and crafts video on making party supplies taught by expert ginny larson .
a great bodybuilding exercise for biceps is alternating alternating biceps curls . alternate biceps with tips from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
set up your external mic for better sound . learn how to set up an xlr input for audio recording in a canon xh a1 video camera in this free canon photography lesson .
how to do hand positions in this free alternative medicine therapy video clip .
learn from our expert how to mark your run course in this free exercise training video on competitive cross country running .
hiking in winter can be dangerous ; find tips for hiking in winter and staying warm in the snow in this this free video on winter exercise .
the coat rack base plate needs to be measured six inches by 48 inches . measure the base plate of a coat rack with tips from an industrial design teacher in this free woodwork video .
learn how to use a mixer in sony vegas software with expert tips and advice on video editing in this free video .
glue the clay for a 3-d picture frame and lay it over the clay so that it overlaps the napkin . glue clay to a three-dimensional picture frame with expert tips in this free crafts video .
when comparing high-speed digital cameras , consider purchasing a camera with a chip that allows for shooting at a higher asa in low light situations . find a digital camera that can shoot at asa with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photography .
everyone in your band enjoys working with each other and can get along . learn how to keep your band together from a professional musician in this free video .
the high hat in a rap song usually stays on the eighth note throughout the entire track . learn more about setting the high hat for rap beats with tips from a veteran hip hop recording artist in this free music video .
watch as a flower expert and professional gardener demonstrates how to plant and care for fall-blooming arum italicum bulbs in this free online video about home gardening .
designing a paper airplane can be fun and easy with the help of an imagination . make paper airplanes in this free video on hobbies .
how to play riff 7 for playing blues guitar in a ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
learn the fountain pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
darken the feathers in your rooster watercolor painting to add depth and dimension . learn more about adding shadows to your artistic design from a professional artist in this free painting video .
in kickboxing , use a stationary position to practice the hook punch pad drill . practice this attack drill with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
centipedes are venomous creatures that can cause a lot of pain or swelling . watch this free video on centipedes from a reptile specialist .
eyebrow wax removal can be done with a soft wax remover . learn how to remove eyebrow wax with tips from a stylist in this free video on beauty care products .
learn how to cut and trim the paper for a decoupage box in this free video clip .
dressing for a disco involves wearing disco outfits that accentuate the body and dance moves . dress to go out and dance at a disco with the help of this free video from a clothing designer on fashion advice .
plastic golf balls are great for practicing and relaxing without breaking anything . learn more about the benefits of using plastic golf balls from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
saute the vegetables and seasonings in oil and add it to the rice later . learn how to make pork chops with black bean banana sauce from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
finding a professional children 's entertainer to entertain for your party is easy and fun . learn how to find a professional entertainer in this free video on theater and performance .
the boogie shuffle with a heavy press roll on the edge of the rim is a great way to add an explosive sound to your rock drum beat . learn some tips for playing this basic rock drum technique from a drumming professional in this free video .
learn how to add garlic powder and seasoning to falafel following this easy greek video recipe .
learn how to secure basement windows to your garage in this free diy garage remodel video .
removing strut mounting bolts is done by running the nut out pass the threads on the end of the bolt . learn how to remove front struts on a front-wheel drive vehicle with maintenance tips from an automobile repairman in this free video on car maintenance .
learn how to cook eggplant to make an eggplant sandwich in this free online video recipe .
in core fitness , use a 90 to 45 degree angle to do develope exercises while lying on the side . learn more about develope core fitness exercises from a professional trainer in this free fitness video .
fitting a bra can be difficult . get tips for finding and fitting your bra in this free video on women 's lingerie .
a swimming noodle can be a great exercise for any water aerobics routine . learn to use a noodle for water aerobic exercises with expert fitness tips in this free exercise video .
a drummer shows how to play a simple drum beat with the bass drum , or kick drum , on beats 1 and 4 , in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
how to get ideas for different flower arrangements ; get expert tips and advice on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free beauty video .
centerpieces for a beach themed wedding are floral , orchids and candles . create beach themed centerpieces with tips from an event coordinator in this free wedding planning video .
the first time to see a hookah bar , it 's important to introduce it to people first . introduce hookahs to friends with tips from a hook bar owner in this free video on hookah smoking .
there are numerous training institutes and firms that provide bodyguard training . learn more about becoming a bodyguard with tips from a former secret service agent in this free career video .
when creating millefiori glass beads , attach a scrap piece of glass to form the beads . learn how to attach beads to glass beads in this free video lesson on bead-making from a professional glass bead designer .
learn how to do the slap up step in tap dancing with expert tap dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online dance lesson and choreography video clip .
go out and do it yourself . learn how to act as a country western character in this free video on theater and performance .
learn how to decorate the plate for making cuban congri , or cuban rice and beans , with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
spin moves in basketball are used to get the defense off-balance . do the spin move in basketball with tips from a former semi-professional basketball player in this free video on basketball fundamentals .
most medications can be bought in the pharmacy during your peru vacation or trip . learn more , including what medicine to take when traveling in peru , in this free traveling video guide .
how to finish applying makeup like the singer alicia keys ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
learn tips and techniques on how to properly install and remove a motorcycle wheel in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable off-road bike racer .
abduction with tubing is a great way to work the inner part of the thigh . learn more about adduction with tips from a professional trainer in this free fitness video .
do n't store water bottles or sleeping bags upside down . learn what belongs in a backpacking backpack in this free video on camping and hiking .
making a break dancing freeze or suicide ; learn break dancing for the clubs in this free video on break dancing moves for beginners .
equine trainers analyze a horse 's health and condition before beginning equine care . learn basic horse care tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
get free gran turismo 5 tips and advice on how to drift in front engine rear wheel drive cars , such as the tuscan tvr in this free video .
it 's important to remove obstructing weeds from your organic parsley garden bed . learn some techniques for preparing your garden bed from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
earrings can be made to go over any belly-dancing costume , whether it 's for a hip-hop look , a glittery look or a tribal look . pick out earrings for a belly-color costume with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance .
learn how to cut bell pepper for a chicken cacciatore recipe in this free video clip on cooking .
keep legs straight when doing double lunges in pep rally dance . learn the third count of great pep squad spirit dance in this free cheerleading and dancing video .
learn the mechanical worthiness of a used car with expert car buying advice in this free online used car video clip .
tips for creating your own drum pattern . learn how to create your own template in logic pro 8 software in this free music production tutorial from a professional audio engineer .
some t-rex supplements are made from vegetables . learn how to take care of a bearded dragon and reptiles in this free video tutorial on exotic pets .
learn how caffeine can affect your sleep with expert sleeping tips in this free online healthy living video clip .
professional budget advice you ca n't miss ! learn about the importance of a budget for personal finances in this free online video tutorial .
your lower body should be stationary as you do your shoulder isolations . learn how to do lower body picking up in hip hop dance warm-ups from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
in jujitsu , defend against the double wrist grab by using the head and knees to soften up the attacker 's attack . learn more about this defensive tactic with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujiitsu .
flexor muscles in a partner 's hips can make a workout more effective . workout with a partner and stretch hip flexors with tips from a physical trainer in this free fitness video .
in cardio kickboxing , practice four basic kicks to get the most out of your workout . practice basic kicks with tips from a kickboxing instructor in this free video on cardio workouts .
learn what tools are needed to adjust the wheel bearings on a car with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
demos are a good idea to record music in practice space to get a sense of what the music is going to sound like played back and identify any glaring problems that might not be evident . learn how to prepare for the music studio from our recording expert in this free video clip .
pilates push ups are an advanced pilates exercise that builds strength in the upper body . learn more about pilates push up advanced exercises with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
cleaning pewter can be done by making a paste with one teaspoon salt , one cup vinegar and one 1/2 cup flour , mixing it up and letting it sit for a few minutes and then scrubbing with hot water . discover how to easily and easily clean pewters with tips from a professional
watch as a seasoned professional discusses aquarians in this free online video about astrology in romance .
reflexology techniques include thumb walking , or finger walking , and gliding strokes . discover the different types of reflexology therapy with information from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on massage therapy .
prepping the jib hanks on a sail is easy with these tips , get expert advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
caffeine is a must for survival in sub zero temperatures . learn about what to drink to survive in zero temperatures in this free camping video with a professional huntsman .
advice for observing ballet lessons ; learn how to manage your kid 's ballet lessons in this free video clip from a professional ballet dancer .
discover techniques for washing and chopping mushrooms for a cream of mushroom soup recipe in this free online cooking video .
ingredients for meatloaf ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by expert rich buccola .
learn about the baserunner 's job and how to tell a runner when they 're on the field in this free video series on baseball tips and rules .
just about any plant that can grow in containers , copper , iris , peonies and cala lilies are great plants to plant in containers . learn about how to plant flower bulbs in containers from a sustainable gardener in this free video .
tone is very important in a violin and can completely change it 's meaning depending on if it is good tone or bad . play a violin like a pro with the tips in this free video violin lesson from a professional violin instructor .
to set an alarm on an iphone , click the clock icon on the home page , press the reset button and choose from a variety of alarm settings , including a regular alarm and a preset alarm at any time during the day . discover the many different types of alarm features , including presets and edit , with
for the fifteen second signal , always hold the news signal in front of the camera so that everyone can see it . learn how to give a fifteen second news signal from an abc53 floor director in this free video .
preparing onions for greek fish plaki , including brushing them under water and then placing them in a bowl to begin the process ; learn tips , trick and preparations suggestions in this free online cooking video about greek food taught by an expert chef .
a wide-toothed comb is great for daily hair braiding . gather hair between the first few teeth when braiding with tips from a hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
learn how to shoot a head fake shot and a floater shot in basketball in this free sports training video , with tips and techniques for improving your b-ball game .
an inverter is an electronic and electric unit that is able to use 24 volts that are going in and changing it from direct current to amplitude current , or ac. learn about saving energy in your home with natural or solar power in this free video .
using dumbbells for shoulder shrugs is a good way to work out the anterior , posterior deltoid and traps . learn how to properly do shoulder shrug exercises for building shoulder strength from certified personal trainer in this free exercise video .
learn from our expert about some push ups to do when running cross country in this free training video on cross country running tips and techniques .
learn how to feed a dog cookie in this free dog training video .
the aikido tekubi tori kotegaeshi wrist grab defense is a martial art that uses your opponent 's momentum to maintain your center line by turning or stepping into them and drop them to the ground . watch this free video clip and learn how to avoid and take down an opponent as
learn how to use the shoelaces to juggle with expert tips and advice on soccer skill and techniques in this free online soccer video clip .
keep your equipment clean and not lubricated . learn maintenance tips for your ice fishing rods in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
knowing what to look for when buying squash for your garden is very important to their success and growth . learn how to choose the best possible squash for you garden in this free horticulture video from a veteran gardener .
learn how to test rhinestones on t-shirts with expert craft tips in this free video clip on embellishments and clothing .
play drum and-one , two and-two for swing music with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
get a walkthrough of the smuggling out of the agent in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
reason 4 has many preferences such as audio output that can be used and altered to make it easier to hear sounds . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
basic tools used in screen printing are the squeegee , extender and retarder . get tips on other tools used from a printmaking expert in this free video .
learn how to get rid of common pole dancing pains and avoid them when pole dancing for exercise in this free fitness video on pole dancing exercises .
the first step in making a clay sculpture is to create a wax version of the clay mold . learn about making clay molds with tips from an art teacher in this free video on sculpture .
a belly dancing shimmy undulation rocks the hips into a ooey-gooey motion . practice undulations with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
set the levels of a four track recorder to properly record vocals for a song . learn how in this free music production video guide on how to record your own songs for cheap .
 write a drama screenplay by writing characters that the audience , audience and audience will all relate to , and write characters that are believable , likable or unlikable . write a dramatic screenplay with a demonstration from a filmmaker in this free video on writing .
how to recognize the biological aspect of depression in this free home health video .
a draw in golf is a way of cheating the wind and lengthening your golf shot . learn how to draw with a seven iron from a professional golf instructor in this free golf instruction video .
learn how to split the fibers and attach them to your pheasant tail for a fly fishing case in this free fishing video on techniques for and making fly fishing nymphs .
painting teeth in an artist 's pencil sketch adds dimension and character . learn to sketch teeth with tips from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
learn hapkido bo staff to staff fighting techniques in this free martial arts weapons training video .
picking a target in travian online is easy with these tips , get expert advice on video and computer games in this free video .
learn how to separate the paper for a decoupage project in this free video arts and crafts clip .
when doing step-touch side footwork in belly dancing , keep the belly button pulled in , chest lifted and shoulders back and down . discover how to do steps-touch to the side in belly dance with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance .
the larger the number a hook , the larger the hook . learn to spot larger hook sizes when practicing fly fishing from a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
bossa nova drum-beat rhythms are made up of syncopated ride hits , snare-drum rim clicks on both downbeats and upstrokes and an ostanato bass-stomping pattern . play bossa latin music clave rhythms and discover a creative side with tips
play a sample game to make sure that you understand all the elements of states dice . learn how to play states dice in this free gaming video .
when you clip your dog 's nails , use clippers and a little bit of stop bleed or styptic powder . learn how to clip a cat 's nail with tips from a dog groomer in this free pet care video .
learn how to do stretches in hip hop fitness in this free and easy dance lesson video .
women 's fashion tips ! get tips for picking the perfect white blouse for your body type in this free video clip about fashion tips for women over 30 .
how to combine gelatin and oatmeal to make virtual vomit ; get expert tips on making traditional mexican food recipes in this free cooking video .
make your own nail art designs with these tips ! learn how to do do 's and don'ts of nail art in this free video clip from a professional manicurist .
a large potter 's knife can be used to blend pottery clay into pottery bowl . see how to create a small salsa bowl in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
learn more tips on how to add affect to a song with apple logic pro music software in this free video for artists , bands , and songwriters .
ca n't scrape together the cash for a birthday clown ? no problem , let our expert show you how to make a balloon flower in this free video clip .
learn how to edit music in itunes in this free itunes video lesson taught by an ipod user and expert on music downloads .
learn about some excellent examples at martial arts school in this free martial arts training advice video from our black belt instructor .
ice fisherman use a high lift technique when baiting perch . learn how to baited perch in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced nature guide .
learn how to gather and use firewood , plus expert tips on how to build a fire in a fireplace , in this free how-to video .
keep nail polish on your nails by not picking at them and maintaining natural nail care by using the free edge of the nail to allow the base coat to stay on nice and good . wear gloves to maintain nail polish and look good with tips from a licensed aesthetician in this free video on nail care .
learn how to begin cutting clay to create the base for your figurine sculpture and mold for your clay sculpture . expert jorge benlloch will teach you everything you need to know to create beautiful sculpture in this free online art video .
there are many ways to dye a flower pot . learn how to mix colors for a green pepper flower pot scent with tips from an art teacher in this free painting video .
proper head positions can improve any gymnastics move . learn about gymnastic head positions with tips from a gymnastics coach in this free gymnastics video .
in praying mantis fighting , lean back and block over the head to help defend against an opponent who punches overhead . learn how to mantis kung fu overhead block low chops in this free martial arts video from a black belt instructor .
flip the clay between your hands and center it on the potter 's wheel . learn how to center clay on the wheel with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
how to de-seed the spaghetti squash for making spaghetti squash casserole ; learn more about homemadeasserole recipes in this free cooking video .
improv guitar soloing can seem much harder than it really is . here is a video to offer some tips on how to be a better punk rock guitar player .
using water color pencils for watercolor painting is a great way to add texture and layers to the design . become a great watercolor artist with tips from an experienced artist in this free video on watercolor pencils .
learn how to choose the right fabric for your sachet and get professional tips and advice on methods and techniques for sewing your own bedroom accessories in this free instructional video .
lie on the belly and bring the elbows directly beneath the shoulders . learn about a yoga purva back bend pose in this free exercise video from a yoga teacher .
learn from our expert that it 's very important to keep the inside of an oven nice and clean in this free how-to video on how to better clean your oven .
what questions should you ask during your radio interview ? learn about proper interview techniques in this free series of career advice videos on radio broadcasting .
foot placement is important for setting up the hurdle for a back hurdle in diving . find out some tips for placement your feet in the water from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
defense wins championships . learn how to defend the triple threat offense in youth basketball in this free basketball coaching video .
how to fold curry phyllo triangles ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic curry recipe in this free cooking video .
learn how to play red hot chili peppers ' 'dani california ' and other popular songs in this free video clip series that will have you playing everyone 's favorite songs on guitar in no time .
you need to tuck in the fabric here , fold it in on the top and on the bottom , and leave about a half inch of fabric that you can sew your final strip to . learn how to make a shaggy rug out of recycled jeans in this free video .
the extended lateral angle warrior pose is a great senior yoga pose that is great for relaxing the shoulders and increasing stability . learn how to do the extended warrior two yoga pose with tips from a registered yoga instructor in this free senior yoga video .
when making a clay sculpture , the first step is to cut the slab in the right thickness to avoid cracking . cut a slab of clay properly with tips from an art teacher in this free video on clay sculpting .
learn how to dress for a magic show with expert tips and techniques in this free magic lesson video .
learn some safety tips when changing car front brake pads with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
easy fake bruises and special effects makeup ! learn to cover a swollen bruise in this free video series on makingfake bruises and stage makeup effects .
batteries are very important for an ipod shuffle , and there are no user serviceable or warranty issues to troubleshoot the battery . find out how to replace an old ipod battery with tips for a technology specialist in this free video for ipod users .
the kick and open hat are some of the most popular drum beats in rap and hip hop beats . learn more about creating rap beats in this free video series .
what is a tight package in boxing ? learn how to play defense in boxing , as well as counter punch techniques in this free training video for boxers .
learn how to do the bowing hula hooping trick in this free hula hoop workout video .
learn how to choose a flat gourd bowl in this free craft video .
learn about getting a car-racing sponsor with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free nhra racing video clip .
chinos do n't have a crease in the front of the pants . learn how to fold chinos in this free clothing care video .
banishing crusty , ashy elbows forever is possible by exfoliating the skin in a circular motion . banish crusty elbows forever with tips from a beauty editor in this free video on skin care .
english 3-speed bicycles have straight lines , no curves or curved parts . learn other ways to identify an english three-speed from a vintage bicycle expert in this free video .
a cowbell should not be used for playing drums in a drum set because it is too difficult to place . set up a cowbell properly with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on drums .
learn how to staple fabric for a curtain sewing project with expert sewing instructions in this free crafting video clip .
the lower leg raise exercise is a great way to work out the lower part of the abdominal muscles . perform the lower leg raises with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on ab exercises .
the cross advancing drill helps warm up youth basketball players . learn drills for youth basketball warm ups from an experienced player in this free video .
to tweeze nostril hairs , apply numbing gel to numb the area and begin pulling one hair at a time . create nostril hair with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on health and beauty .
learn how to do a japanese shiatsu massage of the head to relieve stress and tension with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
get creative and make your own wire sculpture ! learn how to make a tail in this free video clip about making a lizard wire sculpture .
what tools you need to recharging a car 's ac system . learn about recharging car air conditioner systems in this free car maintenance video .
the 2-5-1 note pattern on a saxophone is a popular progression in the key of f sharp in the mixolydian mode . improvise and transition from f sharp to a major seventh chord easily with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on music theory .
how to prepare for the bottling process for home brewed cream ale ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
learn how to factor business tax into your annual taxes with expert tax advice in this free online self employment tax deduction video clip .
learn how to inspect a leaky bathtub faucet in this free video clip .
even if communication is bad , a team will get apart . learn about reactive and non-verbal communication as a part of advanced paintball tactics in this free sports and recreation video .
how to determine which heater hose is which . learn about flushing coolant systems in this free car maintenance video .
learn how to pick the right fabric for a handmade purse with expert tips on hip , fashionable , and modern purse styles in this free sewing video clip .
learn how to thumb the foot sen lines in a foot massage with expert head massage tips in this free online massage therapy video clip .
the a sharp major scale on saxophone is a scale that begins on the third note of the a sharp scale . play the a # major scale by listening to the tips from an experienced saxophone player in this free video music lesson .
learn how to pin the sides when designing cloth grocery bags with expert crafting tips from an expert clothes designer in this green living and recycling video clip .
there is almost nothing you ca n't do to a picture in photoshop . learn about photo mode options for the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
learn how to create a background texture with pastels in this free pastel art video lesson .
play straight forward snare drum on all four coordinates with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
find out how to secure a perfection loop knot on a steel leader . learn about tying perfection loops in this free fishing video .
an annuity works through the accumulation phase , in which money is put into an instrument and deferred . learn about the life of an annuity with information from a registered financial consultant in this free financial planning video .
learn how pneumatic air chisel is removed from the socket of a prosthetic limb with expert tips on how to make artificial limbs in this free online prostheses video clip .
learn why reading the bible to your kids is important to pass along your faith to your other faith in this free online video on christian values and parenting .
how to serve apple rice salad ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making some unique , fresh salads in this free cooking video .
2nd position triads on the mandolin 's higher strings are easy to play with these tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
in pilates , practice the side lying double leg lift exercise to work out the oblique muscles . learn more about this advanced pilates exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
calf raises are a great stretch to add to any yoga routine . learn how to stretch the calves with tips from a yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn how the body is used as a lie detector in this free video .
after using a protective coating on a ceramic platter , allow it to dry to give it a nice shine . learn about protective coating when using copper from an award-winning ceramic artist in this free video .
when cleaning toilets , rinse out the cloth two or three times to remove dust and bacteria from the base and inside of the toilet bowl . clean the base of a toilet with tips from a nanny in this free video on toilet cleaning .
palming the back in thai yoga massage is best done by easing the client into a prayer pose and not over extending the wrist . learn more about palming the client 's back with tips from a yoga expert in this free massage video .
organize moving ballerina boxes in one area to make moving easier . learn about other items to donate early in a move with expert tips in this free moving video .
learn how to apply clear glass beads in this free video series that will show you how to make these decorative beads that are perfect for homemade jewelry .
learn how to play two-handed shakers in the music lesson in this free video .
learn how to roll the cheese grater for homemade gnocchi with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian cuisine video clip .
attach a snap swivel to an ice fishing rod to make use of hooks or bibbits . learn to rig snap swives for ice fishing in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced nature guide .
the camel pose keeps the feet and toes healthy with blood flow and better nutrient circulation . prepare muscles for a workout with this stretching exercise technique from an experienced personal trainer in this free video .
maintain an average speed running schedule with expert tips from a fitness instructor in this free video about treadmill workouts .
watch this free music theory video and learn how to play a hammond organ solo in rock music .
learn about the different rules for gin rummy from an expert card player in this free instructional video .
learn how to tie a correct palomar knot for hiking , climbing , or sailing in this free knot tying video clip .
learn how to file down a parrot 's nails for carving in this free video .
indian food is full of interesting spices and flavors . learn how to add peas for indian potatoes , carrots & peas in this free recipe video .
learn how to relieve pain in the neck , back , shoulder , and legs using a spine aligner in this free how-to video series on using and using advanced spine aligners .
write down the name and title of the job interview . learn how to write down job interviews after a job interview in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
learn how to sight sing using handsigns in scales in this free voice lesson video from our sight singing expert and award-winning choir singer .
keep your wrists nice and straight and pull your shoulder blades back and down . learn front shoulder raises with expert tips from a professional personal trainer in this free fitness video .
find out all about the chanter in this free video series that will teach you everything you need to know to play the bagpipe .
scrape watercolor painting to create more trees . learn how to paint more trees in a watercolor landscape with houses in this free painting lesson from a painting instructor and professional painter .
learn how to make mayonnaise for an american potato salad in this side dish cooking class on video .
learn how to read the seven of pentacles tarot card in this free fortune-telling video on howto read tarot cards .
learn how to do the triangle yoga pose and learn how to correctly position your body for increased strength and flexibility as well as circulation , in this free exercise video from a professional yoga teacher .
special supplies are needed to build a sandcastle . learn how to make a bucket for sandcastle building in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
learn tips for choosing plants for a moon garden in this free gardening video .
how to play beat 19 on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
the side squat with a medicine ball is a great balance ball exercise for core muscles . learn how to do side squats on a balance ball with tips from a fitness instructor in this free balance exercise video .
learn the sivananda yoga cobra ( low ) lunge to cobra pose in this free exercise video .
work the pelvic floor muscles with proper breathing techniques . learn more about proper pelvic floor breathing techniques with tips from a certified pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
reducing freckles is possible by first cleansing the skin with a light toner and then applying a spot treat . reduce frekles with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video about the basics of skin care .
find out how to jump on an elevator and place portals on platforms in orange box 's game portal ; learn more tips on advancing levels in this free computer gaming video clip on video games .
caring for a labrador retriever requires not overfeeding the dog , as labradors naturally get fat fast . provide a healthy life with labrador retrievers through good obedience training with advice from a certified dog trainer in this free video on dog care and obedience .
learn how to tarot the queen of cups in this free fortune-telling video on how to read tarot cards .
master a specific mix in garageband to get the full sound you want . mix and edit musical tracks with this garageband feature as an experienced music producer shows how easy it is to use .
in uncial calligraphy , the italic capital letter e begins with the same stroke as the c , or the o. learn more about the basics of calligraphic lettering in this free calligraphing number lesson from a calligrapher with three decades of lettering experience .
breathing is an important part of chair yoga for children . learn about chair yoga breathing for children with tips from a yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
there are several points in the back that are associated with acupuncture . learn how and why this is and how acupuncture can help from our medical expert in this free video clip .
set up the toms for a drum set . learn tips for mounting floor and cymbals in this free video of drumming tips on how to set up a drum kit .
the finish for a turned wood bowl is marketed as a non-toxic and easy to apply . learn how to choose finishes for turned wood bowls in this free woodworking lesson from a woodturning instructor .
potatoes are an excellent side for a new york steak with indian-spiced potatoes . boil potatoes with tips from a professional chef in this free video on steak dinners .
 voice leading arpeggios have a tendency to start with a d minor , g7 , c major 7 and a seventh . learn how to play voice leading chords in this free upright bass video from a jazz and classical bass player .
do n't waste your acrylic powder . learn the tools needed to apply acrylic powder from a professional artist in this free beauty video .
robert schuman was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
using a crystal or mirror , learn how to use lights in your space to create energy in this free video from a leading feng shui practitioner .
the cafe de paris is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
for soy and orange shrimp , cut the ends off each bulb and slice the ginger . slice ginger with tips from a chef in this free video recipe .
mince and chop at least five cloves of garlic and onions . cut and chop onions and garlic for cossack chicken with caramelized onions and spinach rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
the straddle split pose in yoga is a great stretch to help open the hips up . learn the zen yoga straddle splits from an instructor in this free yoga video .
scrape wax off of snowboard tail . learn how to scrape snowboard wax in this free snowboarding video from a snowboard tech .
how to cook crab stuffed shrimp ; get expert tips on homemade seafood recipes in this free cooking video .
salsa dancers do a side break in the salsa to match the moves of the follower . learn to do side breaks in the argentine tango with this free dance lesson from an award-winning tango dancer .
use a ceramic wear board to flatten things out and give it a different look . learn how to make a handle for a ceramic pitcher with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
blowing red barrels and using the l trigger as a last stand is a good move in call of duty 4 : modern warfare ; learn more tips about advancing levels in this free computer gaming video clip on xbox video games .
glazing the exterior of your pottery teapot can be done with wheatfield . see how to paint the interior of a pottery jar in this free ceramics .
how to sear crab cakes ; learn this and more in this free online instructional cooking video about seafood taught by an expert .
learn how blood is prepared in a coconut container using a blood donation center with expert tips in this free video clip on alternative medicine treatments .
learn how to make a first-aid kit for your dog in this free pet care video .
pointing dogs are trained to go out and establish a perimeter at their human partners command . learn how to teach a point dog in this free pet training video .
learn about adding doenjang to the traditional korean dish kalbi with expert cooking tips in this free korean barbecue video clip .
cutting wood to make a table lamp shaft must be done in a specific way to avoid pencil marks . learn how to cut wood to fit the shaft to your table lamp in this free video on home decor and lighting .
in soccer , scissors moves are marked by change of speed , change of direction and the element of surprise . do scissors moves with tips from a soccer coach in this free video on soccer .
learn how to cover receivers in a nickel defense with expert football tips and advice from a former football player in this free football defense video clip .
gecko is a traditional chinese medicine herb that is sometimes used to treat lower back pain . learn more about gecko 's herb from a registered herbalist in this free alternative medicine video .
cartooning made easy ! learn how to draw feet on cartoon villains and monsters in this free video on cartooning and drawing bad guys .
the key to being comfortable with a dog in the water is to get them used to water very slowly . learn more about the importance of teaching a dog to swim in water with tips from a dog trainer in this free pet care video .
jogging is a great way to warm up your muscles . learn how to jog for basketball warm ups in this free basketball video .
most evergreen trees do not need fertilizer and most plants need deep applications of water . keep trees healthy with the right fertilizing tips from a gardening specialist in this free video on trees .
the half forward bend yoga pose stretches the hamstrings and is great for digestions . practice this stretching exercise with tips from an experienced yoga instructor in this free video on yoga exercises .
learn how to use some personal safety tips for using a jack plane and get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on using tools for rough finishing and smoothing edges of wood in this free woodworking video .
learn how to make an eggplant sandwich in this free online video recipe .
hire a contractor , plumber , painter or electrician to do any work you do in the home . learn how to hire a contractor using the home remodeling tips from the owner of a construction company in this free video .
in order to find the windows product key on a computer , go to the properties tab and look up properties . find out the product key for a pc with tips from an experienced computer user in this free video on computers .
sometimes a woman 's lingerie can not fit under a bra . learn other ways of finding and sewing bra accessories with expert tips in this free women 's fashion video .
looking for free window cleaning tips for residential window washing ? learn all about using a ladder for inside windows from an expert in this free house cleaning video .
learn how to install tile roofing in this free roofing video .
in photoshop , add a border by going into the layer dropdown menu , going to layer style and select stroke , and selecting stroke . create a border around a picture or a piece of furniture with tips from a portrait photographer in this free video tutorial on adobe photoshop .
roll your own faze if you do n't have a straight or flush in shotgun poker . learn how to play shotgun poker from a champion poker player in this free card video .
learn about common balloon accessories with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free balloon folding video clip .
learn how medication can be used for treating restless legs syndrome and its symptoms with expert medical advice in this free health care video clip .
learn how to play a blues and bluegrass guitar progression in e major in this free video clip on music theory and guitar techniques .
in order to do push-ups , a person should get down on all fours and keep their knees down . do one full push-up every time with help from a fitness trainer in this free video on health and staying in shape .
how to curl tendrils for styling a curly hair up-do ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
whiteface clown makeup starts with a white base . learn how to use whiteface in this free instructional video on how to be a whiteface clown .
flanger guitar effects are great for almost any kind of music . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
when training for an off-road triathlon , develop discipline and discipline to build the volume of the run . train for the triathlon run with tips from professional triathlete in this free iron man video .
the shakuhachi flute riff starts on an f note and goes down to a a note . learn how to play a standard shakaolin riffs in this free video music lesson from a master of the japanese shaolin flute .
turn at 1,500 rpm to get the blank ready for boring . learn how to turn a blank from a woodturning expert in this free crafts video .
knowing the ussra will help you maintain your edge in squash . learn about squash and giving back to the game in this free video on squash drills .
garageband music recording software has an animation grid that allows the user to zoom and change the pitch of each track . mix and edit musical tracks with this garageband feature as an experienced music producer shows how easy it is to use .
learn how to stretch before cheering in this free video series on advanced cheerleading moves .
stretch the hamstrings and calf muscles with develope . learn to warm-up for modern dancing with developes in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
learn how to secure a knot on a silk pendant necklace with expert jewelry design tips in this free crafts video clip .
get in front of your opponent on the court in squash . learn about racquetball strategy and court positioning in back of you in this free video from a squash instructor .
for the squash book , attach cut 3 1/2 by 3 and a half squares with score lines . learn how to make a squash book in this free video of squash book instructions from a scrapbooking enthusiast .
learn how to use mimic 's file to create poser software characters that talk with expert 3d animation and rendering tips in this free software tutorial video .
when using a power drill , insert the right size bit into the end of the drill and lock it carefully . use power drills with tips from an experienced handyman in this free video on home remodeling supplies .
add a toggle clasp to an id badge holder to make it a functional piece of jewelry . make beaded id badge accessories with great tips from an experienced jewelry maker in this free video on beaded jewelry .
learn how to do reaping throws , or ausiwaga , for self defense in this free martial arts video from a samurai instructor .
learn the best snow tires for all snow conditions and all season tires with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
becoming a physician is a long and difficult process requiring 11 years of schooling and training in a medical school . find out how to become a physician with tips from a medical administrator in this free video on career information .
how to mix the butter and berries for peanut butter cupcakes ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making some unique dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
nothing beats heart cookies . learn how to separate the eggs and lemon juice in this free video clip about how to make royal icing .
placing the clock in a circular pattern , without interruption , helps the student stay very present and know where they are going . learn about the concept of continuity with tips from a tai chi expert in this free martial arts video .
cable flies work the pectoral muscles and should not be moved past shoulders . learn how to use cable flies for upper body building from certified personal trainer in this free exercise video .
learn how to fold a hood sweater in this free online step-by-step laundry care video , including tips for folding clothes like shirts , jeans , sweaters and more .
how to stitch the bottom of the top of the custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
when jacking up the rear of a car to change transmission fluid , place the jack in the back to keep it from sliding under . use a jack point with tips from an automotive repair specialist in this free video on car tires .
blacksmithing is a character profession in `` world of warcraft '' . get expert tips and advice on video and computer games in this free video .
learn how to dry a wet book when drying wet books with expert book care tips from a bibliophile in this free online book related video clip .
during an undulation in belly dancing it is important to breathe and not to move backwards . learn more about belly dance undulations with tips from a professional dancer in this free dance lesson video .
learn how to use positive reinforcement and punishment to train parrots and get them to change their behavior in this free pet care video about training parrots .
the ollie , the shoveit and the 180 are three basic skateboarding tricks that are required for all skaters . learn to do an oillie , shoveit , and 180 skateboarding trick with tips from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
practicing improv with the `` distorting mirrors '' game . learn how to practice improv with games , warm ups , and exercises in this free acting video .
a flight instructor job description focuses on managing multiple tasks at once while flying . get an overview of a job as a flight instructor ( cfi ) in this free video on a career in aviation .
learn how to jump into a bmx abubaka with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
play drum shuffles in 12/8 with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
if you are falling asleep at the night , what can you do to help you cope with sleep problems ? learn more about sleep problems with tips from a traditional chinese medicine practitioner in this free health video .
learn how to juggle two clubs with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling lesson video .
a symphony conductor must know how to conduct in 6/4 time . learn about ways in which conductors communicate with orchestra members in this free conducting lesson from an experienced conductor .
it 's important to store organic parsley in a nice , organic paper towel in order to absorb any excess moisture from it while it 's in the refrigerator . learn some helpful tips for storing parsley from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
a snowboard nollie is basically the opposite of an ollie and the front foot pop . get tips on how to do a snowboarding nollies with tips from a snowboard instructor in this free extreme sport video .
learn how to make a snap and play center in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
many people with depression have insomnia that can be treated with sleeping pill . learn how to trigger the bladder 15 acupuncture point for insomnia with tips from an acupuncturist in this free traditional chinese medicine video .
learn how to clear a bmx spine with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
the single and double spiral is a great dance move to add to your repertoire . learn more about the single anddouble spiral from a professional dance instructor in this free video .
how to create a wave effect when painting pottery . learn about artwork , painting , and creativity when working with ceramics or clay .
when planting a gingerbread house plant , it 's important to use stakes . learn how to set up stakes and string for planting gingerbread houses in this free video .
the neck in a yoga meditation is relaxed but relaxed . learn how to do the neck in the yoga meditation pose with tips from an instructor in this free yoga video .
learn to play 12/8ths african drum patterns with two bass drums and conga off the beat . free video drum lessons featuring a professional drummer and drum teacher !
storing an electric hand drill is easy with these tips , get expert advice on power tools and accessories in this free video .
how to do the seasick trick with your yo-yo in this freeyo video .
how to make a cutting stone for obsidian in this free how-to video .
play accent beats on tom-tom drums with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction and improvisation .
when cleaning screen clutter , it is difficult to simply hose them down and hose them outside . clean screen clutter with tips from an experienced housekeeper in this free video on housecleaning .
a faucet works by plugging in the water sprayer and compressed water system , which are then attached to the filter system , with either a stem and valve type or compression and hot and cold water system . discover how to remove or replace faucets with advice from a home repair specialist and remodeling
so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on how to tune your instrument .
most wood stains will soak in the stain . learn how to choose between oil or latex for wood stains in this free video on home decor and lighting .
give compliments to the student who is doing the right thing . learn how to manage a college classroom by giving compliments to disruptive students from a professional speaker and communications instructor in this free video .
fixing your car by yourself ? learn how to reine suspension knuckles with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
learn how to get started in car racing with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free nhra racing video clip .
learn how to rabbit ear an origami butterfly with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
 compensate for sitting position and the arc swing in adaptive golf by adjusting your golf game accordingly . learn about compensate for golf swings with tips from an expert in this free adaptive golf video .
the blues piano is a relatively simple instrument with few major harmonies . learn the basics of the saxophone from a professional musician in this free music lesson video .
finger walking and thumb walking are the two most common finger walking techniques in foot reflexology . discover how to practice finger walking or thumb walking with tips from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on foot care .
breathing correctly in yoga is the most important aspect of the exercise , and involves counting the breaths in as many ways as possible . learn to breathe properly in yoga in this free hatha yoga video .
how do you feel indifferent in your life ? learn how to do sign language related to describing people in this free education video .
learn how to make homemade valentine 's gifts from a professional art teacher in this free video about tips for making unique , handmade cards .
trap card in `` dark world '' . learn the rules for using the dark world trap card in this free `` magic the gathering '' lesson from a strategy and rpg game teacher
when wood turning , keep the flute at the opposite angle when beginning to hollow out the inside of a bowl . get expert wood turning tips in this free crafts video .
to remove rust from metal tools , apply a mixture of baking soda and lemon juice or vinegar to dissolve the rust , allow it to set for several minutes and then wipe it down with a paper towel . lightly sand metal tools to remove heavy rust with advice from a remodeling contractor and home repair specialist in this free
how to sanitize brewing equipment for home brewing cream ale ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
watch as a window-cleaning professional discusses the different types of squeegees in this free online video about exterior window maintenance .
most stained-glass projects will be done free . learn more about working with stained glass in this free video series .
the history of wedding videography has changed in the last 10 to 15 years . learn about wedding videographer from a professional in this free wedding video .
to play 8th note high hat lifts on the downbeat of beat 2 , practice rhythm exercises with your left foot and snare . learn how in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
incorporating various techniques when playing the hi-hat , rim clicks and ostinado will help you enhance the beat and style of the bossa nova drum pattern . learn a latin groove using expert tips in this free drumming video .
circular saws can perform cross cuts . learn more about performing cross cuts with a circular saw in this free woodworking video from a professional carpenter .
get the proper ingredients needed to make apple pie ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
when writing a contract , consider hiring an attorney to determine what the parties are agreeing to and what each party is giving to the other . write a contract and include all of the elements of the agreement with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal self-help .
some types of jeans will be more likely to soften up than others . learn more about softening denim with tips from a fashion designer in this free video on denim jeans .
supplies for a sprayer . learn about the parts and parts of compression hand sprayers in this free sprayer installation video .
learn some great tips on how to mash potatoes when cooking in this free video cooking lesson on making chicken and rice with dump cake .
a good place to show off your telescope is a star party . learn more about showing off telescopes in this free video on home astronomy from a telescope salesperson .
learn how to do the arm pressure pose advanced arm balance yoga position and stretches in this free how-to video on advanced yoga poses for arm balance .
in submission moves , an arm bar from the guard position is very painful on the elbow . do arm bar submission moves with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
back pain relief at last ! exercise for backache- circular exercise . find out how to counter backaches with yoga poses and exercises in these free fitness videos .
people that want to look taller and thinner should wear clothes that are in similar color tones that will create an all-lined visual . wear clothes with pinstripes and long dresses that hit just above the heels to show body alignment with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
when conducting a bike tour , wear shoes with a clipless pedal to maximize efficiency and avoid injury . understand the importance of wearing shoes when conducting bike tours with tips from a bicycle tour guide in this free biking video .
after recharging a car 's air conditioner , turn the engine on to its maximum cooling setting and pierce the seal in the can . learn about recharging car air conditioners in this free car maintenance video .
massage movements are the main step of an eye soothing treatment . learn how to massage the eye area with expertise from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
improve your upright bass playing skills . learn practice tips for the d major scale in this acoustic bass lesson from an expert bass player .
draw people by starting with the center of the head , adding eyes and the skull to the rest of the body . draw people with tips from an illustrator and caricaturist in this free video on drawing and caricature art lessons .
repeating shapes in an abstract painting can inspire creativity . echo shapes for abstract paintings with tips from an artist in this free art lesson video .
piano is one of the most versatile instruments that is able to set any mood . major 13th tensions are a part of that you will learn in this video .
drawing fairies can have a wide array of styles and looks , including dragonfly and butterfly wings . draw fairies with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free drawing and illustration video .
learn basic fighting stances in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin karate instructor tony capraro .
you have to put all the air out of your clay in order to make a happy sun clay sculpture . learn about recycling clay for art projects in this free video .
learn how to add scents for soy candles with expert craft tips for making environmentally friendly , handmade soy candles .
learn how to nollie frontside 180 on a skateboard from an expert in this free skateboarding tricks video .
taking home oral teeth whitening products is generally better than over-the-counter products . learn about the difference between oral and tablet whitening kits with information from a dentist in this free video on dental health and oral hygiene .
learn all about the default setup for a pc with expert computer tips in this free home organization video clip .
the film holders of the 4 x 5 camera are a magnet for dust . learn how to keep the film holders clean and dust free from a professional photographer in this free camera video .
adjusting the height of a unicycle is easy with these tips . get expert advice on unicycling in this free video .
learn tips and techniques on how to use resistance bands for a lower body workout in this free fitness video clip .
learn how to mix the chorus in a rap song in order to produce a hit rap track in this free video series that will have you creating rhythmic rap music in no time .
learn how to play aces in blackjack from a professional casino dealer in this free gambling video .
how to use the stopping valve for making your own wine ; learn more about wine in this free instructional video .
learn how to attach the apron to a table in this free carpentry and woodworking video .
shape test tiles for a ceramic glaze by pulling clay from the center to the outer edge . learn to shape ceramic test tiles with tips from a potter in this free video on ceramics .
save money and make music by recording your own music at home instead of in a bedroom . find a place to record vocals and instruments , such as microphones and vocal mics , with help from a musician in this free video on making music .
blood pressure is not meant to diagnose or diagnose a condition . learn more about what blood pressure is and how it relates to your health with tips from a doctor in this free health care video .
strengthen your hamstrings with straight leg dead lifts . discover workout tips to strengthen and tone your legs in this free training video .
before applying the first coat of surfboard resin , make sure it is coated and set out in the sun to dry properly . learn how to apply the second coat of resin to a repaired surfboard in this free surfing video about how to repair a surfboard .
fight oily skin by washing face two to three times a day with oil-free moisturizers . avoid oily skin with tips from a beauty editor in this free video on skin care .
eye makeup tips ! learn tips for applying eyeliner to fake eyelashes in this free video clip about how to apply false eyelashes .
learn how to let a crowd make a comic laugh with expert stand-up comedy tips and techniques in this free comedy lesson video .
for blackened chicken alfredo , there are several ways to cut thyme for the garlic ; learn to slice thyme with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
mai thai is a fruity island inspired drink that 's served in a shaker . learn to mix a mai thay with tips from an expert bartender in this free drink mixing video .
in intermediate three-ball juggling , columns are three balls being thrown straight up and straight down . throw columns when juggling three balls with tips from a professional juggler in this free video series on hobbies .
learn how a full season of car racing can impact your life with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free nhra racing video clip .
when you choose a wedding videographer , make a shot list and let your videographer know of all your expectations that you have for your wedding day . learn about wedding videography from a professional in this free wedding video .
how to carefully split a tea leaf for making tropical flower arrangements ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
learn tips on how to get off your bike and exit on a hill in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable off-road bike racer .
the 5-3 football defense is very good for teams that play well together . run a 5- 3 football defense with tips from a former college football player in this free video on football .
piano is one of the most versatile instruments that is able to set any mood . major 7 - 13th tensions are a part of that you will learn in this video .
begin the letter g in the ascenders space and then the descenders space . learn how to write a lowercase `` g '' in italic hand calligraphy in this free handwriting video from a calligrapher .
women can use groin attacks as defense techniques . learn how to do the groin attack defense technique in this free video from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
a one-to-one-half inch bounce is considered a medium curl formation , but it does n't have to be the same unison curl all over the head . learn how to use hair-care products for curly hairstyles with tips from an aveda salon instructor in this free hair care video .
learn techniques for painting and decorating sneakers in this free video clip about how to paint the first layer of shoes for your customized shoes .
in yoga , perform a torso twist with buddha arms to engage the shoulders and upper body . practice this great exercise with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on core flow vinyasa yoga .
stretching out the lower back is a good way to warm up before latin dancing . learn a few latin dance stretches from a choreographer in this free video .
 goto telescopes are fork-driven mounts with electronic motors . learn about the benefits of goto mounts for home telescopes in this free home astronomy equipment video from a telescope designer and manufacturer .
a television producer 's hardest day revolves around jumping up radio antennas and putting other people in jeopardy for a television show . hear about this professional television producers ' hardest day in this free video on tv careers .
proper posture for marching band shows how the instrument is carried throughout the show . learn how to do proper marching band posture in this free music video series .
for soy and orange shrimp , add a sweet juice over the top of the sauce and the shrimp in a thick curry paste . add sauce and curry paste for soy & orange shrimp with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
popcorns make a great christmas decoration . learn how to add popcorns for a popcorn snowman in this free holiday decoration video .
daiginjo sake is one of the most popular categories of premium sake . find out more about the history of daigo sake in this free video about types of sake from a master sake sommelier .
do n't fuss with an antique ticking clock . find out what to look for when buying a reproduction clock in this free video on collecting antique clocks presented by an antique clock collector .
prescription medication is extremely important for cancer patients . learn how to safely store prescription medication in this free video clip about how to take care of cancer .
men 's clothes in a pencil sketch are determined by the style of the drawing . learn to draw men 's clothing with tips from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
learn how to choose a sleeping bag , whether it be a bivi or sleeping mat , in this free video series .
before you take a home test , it 's important to wash your hands and avoid any sort of contamination . learn how to take home home drug tests with tips from a certified medical assistant in this free drug testing video .
snowboard mounting hardware consists of screw and tightening washer screws . choose the right snowboard mounting with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free extreme sports video .
you could have is come right out the back , but you could be a little more dramatic if you have it come right off the top . learn how to make mixed media rats from a professional art instructor in this free crafts video .
learn how to understand the html document and learn how to build your own website in this free computer programming video .
learn how to buy bagel crisp to make bruschetta with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian recipe video clip .
a rising star has a home sign that rotates one degree on it and defines the cusps , or dividing lines of life . find out how to read a rising star 's home sign with tips from an experienced astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
learn the introduction to the introduction of 'chicago ' with expert tips and advice on literature and theater in this free video clip .
trench coats are an essential part of women 's fashion wardrobe . fashion tips for women over 30 include selecting a trench coat with button closures and a zip-out lining in this free video from a fashion designer .
courbet was the founder of the 19th century art movement called realism . learn more about courbet 's paintings with tips from an art historian in this free fine art video .
when crocheting a rag doll mouth , it 's always a good idea to double the thread in order to make it stronger and more durable . sew the mouth on a rag dolls with tips from a seamstress and craft expert in this free doll making video .
learn how to make a safety bracelet at theme parks in this free video series that will keep your family and your kids happy , healthy and safe while visiting a theme or amusement park .
a single latte is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
how to serve a spanish omelette ; get expert tips and advice on making traditional cuban breakfast recipes in this free cooking video .
how to cut a pineapple to use for your hawaiian pork with braised cabbage andtomato skewers ; tips , tricks and cooking suggestions in this free online cooking video on ethnic food taught by an expert chef .
learn how to fold collared shirts to avoid wrinkles in your suitcase in this free traveling video on folding clothes in a suitcase .
if you are going to showmanship for livestock judging , showmanship is more important than showmanship . learn about wins in livestock judging from an ffa member in this free animal husbandry video .
when watercolor painting a lighthouse , mix yellow and rose paint to color the sides of the lighthouse and create a gray tone . learn more about painting the side of a lighthouse using watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
putting in hair extensions by yourself involves gluing small pieces of hair extensions in place on the scalp , securing them securely in place and clipping them securely with clips . have hair extensions securely attached to clips with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
the dollar bill heart origami model is a more advanced version of an origami puppet . learn how to fold the top layer of this paper model in this free paper crafts video .
learn how to fold the petals of the rose for an origami rose with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
the way you sing the words will not be awkward if the phrasing matches the way you would like it . learn how to write a song in this free music video .
get tips for memorizing your acting audition dialog in this free video clip from a professional casting director .
adjust the gain and resonance of your sounds with the wasp filter . learn how to use the low pass and high pass filter in fl studio in this free music recording video .
lines for a ceramic lantern will let you know where to cut the clay . learn how to trace the outline for a lantern with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
pro tools is a great program for editing and mixing music easily and quickly . learn how to use keyboard shortcuts to record and mix music in this free video clip .
learn how to punch holes in a double-walled pottery teapot in this free video lesson on ceramic art .
when wood turning a bowl on the tool rest , bring the tool back into the wood and start to cut downhill . get wood turning tips on using a tool rest on a bowl from a wood turning specialist in this free video on crafts .
save an excel file as an html file by going to the drop down menu , selecting save as , naming the file and then formatting the html file . find out how to file an html excel file with tips from an assistant certified public accountant in this free video on microsoft excel .
in fashion design , a convertible collar will generally wear with the top down . learn more about drawing a convertible checkered collar design with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
when applying white clown makeup , it 's important to paint the lower lip . learn how in this free clown makeup video lesson .
learn how to add eggs for a gourmet coffee cake recipe from our expert in this free baking video on gourmet desserts and recipes .
the styrofoam around stage frame supports the whole structure . learn how to add a border around your stage for your next performance in this free stringed instrument video from a professional theater director .
when sanding a surfboard , block out the deck by smoothing everything out . sand the deck effectively with tips from a surfing specialist in this free video on surfboards .
a seated side stretch for yoga is a great energizing yoga pose for waking up in the morning . learn how to do the seated side yoga pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
french braiding hair can be done in the middle of the head or from the very top . french braid hair with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
the photoshop output levels , in photoshop , allow users to adjust the color of a photo . learn more about photoshop input levels from an image manipulation expert in this free computer software video .
learn the full lotus ( virabhadrasana ) pose to stretch and open your hips to prepare you to put your foot behind your head , in this free yoga instruction video clip .
how to beat the margarine and sugar for torte cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
so you want to be a great basketball player ? check out this free basketball warm up video and learn some tips from our pro .
adding the fin to your clay figurine sculpture using a process called molds . learn tips , tricks and techniques for creating beautiful sculpture in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
chinese people commonly use chop sticks as utensils for everyday eating . learn about non-verbal cues and proper eating from an international business consultant in this free etiquette video .
learn how to prepare pita bread for pizza recipes with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian recipe video clip .
how to do the 4-4-1 in juggling in this free video series that will have you mastering this juggling trick in no time .
learn how to choose necklaces and beads for a retro women 's fashion in this free video clip .
learn the cradle ( kapotasana ) pose to stretch and open your hips to prepare you to put your foot behind your head , in this free yoga instruction video clip .
learn tips on the correct blocking assignments of the line in a reverse trick play in this free video clip on american football .
have a swimmer paddle to teach children how to swim . teach children the doggy paddle swimming lesson with tips from a lifeguard in this free video swim lesson for kids .
how to interview people on radio . learn about broadcasting news and etiquette in this free radio station overview from an experienced radio technician .
marking a handle for a ceramic pitcher creates a foot for the piece . learn about marking a mug with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
making hair look thicker requires adding a little bit more curls or teasing to get more volume . get thicker hair with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
play upright bass in three-quarter time in 3-4 time with an upright bass . learn how to play part one of `` home on the range , '' a folk song in this free upright bass lesson from a music teacher .
smooth out the potter 's clay for a ceramic teapot so that it can be fired without damaging it . learn how to smooth out pottery clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
keep your website files organized in a folder for easy html users to navigate . learn how to publish web site information in this free web design video .
how to make seeds germinate for spring planting ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own fruits and vegetables in this free gardening video .
learn how to pick the right hangers for the best picture hanging in this free interior design video on techniques and tips for hanging pictures .
wear a helmet for caving and avoid falling in the cave ; learn to cave safely in this free video on caving ( spelunking ) and recreation .
learn how to bind a script with expert playwriting advice in this free play production and theater video clip .
learn what acne cream to use for different types of skin with expert skin care tips in this free beauty video clip .
learn to use a foot polish scrub during a foot massage with advice from a certified massage therapist in this free video on alternative medicine treatments .
learn how to remove curtain rods to set up a computer desk and other equipment in this free video clip .
get the best seasonings for chicken cacciatore and learn more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert chef karl james .
looking for self defense training ? learn how to get out of a double wrist grab in this free video about self defense techniques for women .
an expert swim instructor shows how to do open turns when swimming the freestyle in this free swimming lesson video from an expert on health and fitness .
learning how to acknowledge your puppet audience when performing is a great way to include the puppet audience . learn how to do audience acknowledgments when performing with puppets from a professional puppeteer in this free arts and entertainment video .
in yoga , perform the boat pose by balancing on the sitting bones and releasing the legs . learn more about the boat position from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
the sand wedge is a golf club specifically designed to get out of the rough and get your golf ball rolling . learn more about this club and how to hit it correctly from a golf expert in this free video clip .
how to make cheesecake filling ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
the best places to travel in new orleans city are tipitina , which features national acts , and french quarter fest , which is two weeks of parades , celebrations and dancing . travel around the french quarter to experience the music and culture of this city with tips from a resident in this free video on new
learn how to approach the bmx peg wheelie with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
 coil your braided rug in braided knitting . learn how to make braided hair rug in this free home decor video .
cleaning up paint is the last big step in painting a living room . learn how to properly clean up paint spills over from a professional painting contractor in this free video on home decor .
learn how to install the front plates to install a chest of drawers in this free diy painting video .
get tips for how to add wine to rabbit stew and more in this free cooking video about game taught by an expert chef .
stretching out the front of the legs is an important aspect of the zen yoga warrior training stretch . learn more about the warrior stretch stretch for the core and legs from the founder in this free yoga video .
techniques for cutting clay for a human head sculpture include using even slabs of clay . learn how to cut clay for sculpture in this free art lesson video .
watch child and infant safety car seat tips and learn all about combination and child car seats in this free video on child safety seats .
mfta offers performance-supplies for performance artists in this free conceptual art video .
wondering what woolly buggers are made of ? learn about the basic tools and materials for a gooey bugger in this free gardening video .
the highest value of any die side is the ace . learn about hand rankings in poker dice in this free dice games video from a successful poker player .
how to properly build and maintain raised garden beds for growing greens ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own plants and herbs in this free gardening video .
some dryness symptoms can be caused by an iron deficiency . learn how to trigger the spleen six acupressure point for heat symptoms with tips from an acupuncturist in this free traditional chinese medicine video .
the southern gin cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
watch an expert martial artist explain the importance of having the right physical condition to perform the butterfly kick in this free video clip .
need help with your child 's art ? get tips for teaching children to count with spindle boxes in this free educational video clip about montessori math methods .
learn what details are made of model cars in this free video series that will have you creating pristine model cars for your party in no time .
spray the inside of your legs with kleenex to hide missed spays . learn more about spray tanning inside legs with tips from a beautician in this free sunless tanning video .
when packing for a day hike , pack a backpack that is comfortable , warm and emergency items , such as water , food , first aid kits , a flashlight , first-aid kit and water . pack for a potential day hike with information from a backpacking guide in this free video on camping and hiking .
add resin to glass surfboard to test the surfboard color . find out how to test a surfboard 's color in this free surfing video about how to repair surfboards .
what 's the best place to iron clothes ? learn about setting up and other tips on laundry and clothing care in this free video .
learn the importance of dog collars in this free video .
when to lay down sod in the wintertime , make sure that it has at least three inches of compost or potting soil above the clay and sand , or it can just sit dormant in the fall and winter . stagger sod when it 's too cold or too wet to grow with tips from an experienced gard
use the forehand and backhand to hit a tennis ball at the same time . learn how to play beginner tennis from our expert instructor in this free sports video .
how to attach the biscuits to the top of a woodworking box ; learn tips , tricks and more in in this free online arts and crafts video series taught by expert potter keilly morris .
a cameraman 's sound equipment includes a mixer and receiver . learn about sound equipment for a video on television from a professional photographer and producer in this free video .
learn how to fold the tail of an origami cat with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
how to add hot sauce for making rosemary vinegar pork chops ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic soup recipe in this free cooking video .
a finger jib is a table saw that cuts slots for finger joints . learn how to build a finger jig in this free woodworking video from a wood shop expert .
in pilates , elongate the spine and draw the abdominal muscles in to stretch the spine . learn to do the spine stretch forward pilates exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
wet the inside and outside of the clay cylinder while shaping it into a larger cylinder . learn how to shape a cylinder on the pottery wheel in this free ceramics video .
dog trainers should never put a leash on your dog unless they 're communicating . learn more about how to train your dog to not pull on a leash with tips from a dog trainer in this free pet care video .
find out how to extract platelet rich protein as a patient 's own bone for sports or treatments . learn about the process of hosing down your patient with tips from a sports and recreation expert in this free video on tcm .
how to choose a pot for house plants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for indoor plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
racking the balls in nine-ball is easy with these tips , get expert advice on pool and 8 ball in this free video .
in feng shui , a solid headboard and two night stands is a great way to add love in the bedroom . add love to a bedroom with tips from a certified interior design consultant in this free video on interior design .
using the stay command can be used in many places , including in the kitchen . teach a dog to stay and know when to cross the street with advice from a professional dog trainer in this free pet care video .
doing lateral bosu ball weight training for skiers is a good way to increase leg strength and functionality , as well as strengthening core muscles . discover more about how to do weight training with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video about weight-training programs .
learn how to do an arm swing exercise to warm-up for a back handspring in this free instructional video on doing back handsprings .
learn how to spin lug nuts down to replace your shocks with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
a spinning top is a slightly more advanced origami model that is fun to create anywhere . learn tips from an origami expert on how to begin folding this model in this free video clip .
johann sebastian bach was a composer who wrote a wide range of music for the violin . learn more about johann sonatas and violin compositions with tips from a violinist in this free music lesson video .
learn from our expert how to mix ingredients in a food processor in this free cooking recipes video on arroz con pollo .
 sticky keys on a computer can be manually pressed the alt and f4 key to delete them . use sticky keys in windows with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
to sew piping , supplies include a 12 inch ruler , tailor 's chalk and scissors . gather supplies for piping with tips from an experienced seamstress in this free sewing video .
supplies you 'll need to make your duck decoy sculpture including gray clay , plasticine and oil-based clay . learn about clay types with tips from an artist in this free art lesson video .
learn how to plating falafel following this easy vegetarian recipe in this free breakfast video on making easy vegetarian recipes and meals .
you 're going to cut strips about an inch and a half to two inches wide . learn how to make paper dragonflies in this free crafts video .
learn some great tips on how to read and play defensive end in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
using a metronome in beat detective is easy with these tips , get expert advice on rhythm machines and beats in this free video .
warms down after running involves performing a power flow yoga pose like the triangle pose and head-to-knee pose . cool down with tips from an aerobics instructor in this free video on fitness .
how to use some dj headphone tips ; get expert tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
the mid layer is not just cotton or wool . check out the backpacking gear in this free video on camping and hiking .
kickboxers combine front kicks , roundhouse kicks and spinning side kicks in fighting combinations to defeat an opponent in a sparring match or competition . learn kickboxing fighting combinations such as a switching front kick , rear round kick , spinning side kick combo in this free martial arts video .
in juggling , juggling two balls in one hand is a trick that requires the juggler to pass the ball from outside to inside circle in both hands . juggle two-ball juggling with tips from a circus juggler in this free video on juggling tricks .
add shadows to create texture . learn how to paint shadows with pastel paint in this free painting lesson from a professional artist .
learn basic steps for dancing the mambo in this free video dance lesson .
green shirts are a nice way to add a little flare to a leprechaun costume . pick out a green shirt for a leperaun costume with tips from a makeup artist in this free video on making costumes .
identifying what causes a child to lose control . learn how to teach and understand the behavior of children in this free video on parenting and education .
playing tennis is a game that takes a lot of practice to achieve competence . get tips on how to become a better tennis player in this free video clip .
learn how to install drawer fronts in a dresser in this free diy woodworking video .
make delicious holiday drinks for yourself , family , and friends ! learn how to make this frosty egg nog recipe with expert tips in this free video .
learn how to do the cc footwork move in this free video clip .
when designing slippers , use silk flowers to make them out of fabric and starch ; learn more about how to decorate them in this free video on casual and dress slippers .
get some water on your cyanotype to help with the outline . learn how to trace an outline on a cyanotype in this free photography video about how to make cyanotype prints .
learn how to do a nollie lip slide on a coping in this free skateboarding video from a sponsored skateboarder .
warming up with barbells involves loading the bar with medium weight and then doing dead lifts in the middle of the shin for a quick and easy warm-up . get in shape and build muscle muscles with tips from a professional trainer in this free video on personal fitness .
want to be a ninja ? watch this free video clip about ninja side neck strikes from a professional ninjutsu trainer .
smooth out excess clay for a large ceramic platter to create a flatter piece . learn how to smooth out the clay with expert tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
firefighters use nylon webbing to tie girth or girth up hose lines . see gear , such as webbing , firefighters use and find out how they use webbing when fighting fire or removing a victim in this free video featuring a professional firefighter .
restorative yoga is a great way for people to relax during the day . learn more about restorative yoga for pregnant women from a certified yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
form flowers fill in the spaces of spring flower arrangements . learn how to add form flowers in this free floral arrangement video about arranging a spring flower arrangement .
learn how to workout your obliques on an inversion table workout with expert tips and advice on exercise from a fitness expert in this free health and fitness video .
learn fashion tips for plus size women in this free video clip about gowns for plus sizes .
when installing a vinyl fence , mix concrete to avoid collecting water . find out how to mix concrete when installing vinyl fence posts in this free video about fence installation from a fence company employee .
remember to tape the area where you want the badge . learn how to apply vehicle decals and graphics from a professional in this free automotive video .
in math , the absolute value of a number is its distance from zero , disregarding whether it 's to the left or to the right . solve absolute value equations with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
switching on the mandolin is an important technique to know for any beginning player . learn tips on how to do this technique correctly from a mandolian player in this free video clip .
bibliography styles are different depending on the type of citation system used . learn how to decide on a citation system when writing a bibliography in this free college research video from a calligrapher .
learn how to make a paper balloon in this free video on pop-up gifts and cards . .
easy kids ' crafts ! learn how to cut out a butterfly mask for a valentine 's day party in this free video clip about easy craft masks .
learn about the structure of an airplane in this free how to fly video .
the object of 8-ball is to have 15 balls in a rack and sink the stripes first . get expert tips and advice on billiards tables and pool cues in this free video .
learn to play 12/8ths african drum patterns with off the beat and on the beat . free video drum lessons featuring a professional drummer and drum teacher !
the tree pose in chair yoga is a yoga exercise that helps to create strength in the ankles . learn more about the tree pose and chair yoga from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
black is an intense color that can completely dominate your painting . learn how to shade a seascape with watercolors in this free video .
learn chinese horizontal hook character strokes with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language teacher in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
how to draw a basic doggy pattern for kids in this free instructional arts and crafts video taught by an expert .
here are some important tips on playing keyboards as a band in rock and roll in this free video clip .
when buying a chainsaw , consider purchasing an electric model for small trimming projects . buy a chainsaws with tips from an experienced handyman in this free video on home remodeling supplies .
gesso can be used as a paint to create a surface to paint on . learn how to stretch and prepare a canvas for painting from a professional artist in this free video .
asian food can be some of the best for you . learn about sauteing vegetables for an asian meal in this free video clip on healthy asian recipes .
remember to stay on the ball of your foot when doing the irish tap step . learn about tap dancing irish steps from a dance teacher in this free video lesson for beginners .
enjoying the christmas traditions with these holiday activities
the best handmade cards and envelopes ! learn how to make creative pop-up hearts from scratch in this free video .
learn how to do the locust to down dog pose when waking up in the morning in this free how-to video on yoga for beginners .
make sure track is bused out in logic pro . learn how to adjust the settings of different logic pro 8 software in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
want to give your cartoon drawing some realistic animals ? learn all about cartoon animals with expert tips in this free art lesson video .
woodworking with a router is easy with these tips , get expert advice on woodworking in this free video .
bubbles occur when wood or mahogany is being glued . learn how to tell when bubbles form in wood furniture in this free woodworking video .
when crossing a soccer ball teammate , it 's beneficial to penetrate and attack the other team . cross a teammate with tips from a soccer coach in this free video on soccer .
camouflaging thick arms is possible by wearing clothes that hit in the top part of the arm to camouflage the area . avoid wearing clothing that camouflage thick arms in order to improve appearance with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
how to play the part 'come together ' by ringo starr on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
dogs need to learn the bible ; learn how to be the dominate one in this free pet obedience video about controlling your dogs , taught by a dog trainer .
a healthy alternative to eating backwards is a healthy guacamole . learn how to promote healthy eating by including fruits and vegetables in this free video .
glute bridges are similar to the triceps sit . learn how to do the weekend warrior workout in this free exercise and fitness video .
when playing saxophone arpeggios in the key of c , the c natural is a six step of the e flat scale . play an e flat minor scale on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
teach your child numerals with sandpaper . learn how to make a childrens numeral activity in this free educational video about language montessori methods .
the catch or kick penalty kick is automatically kicked if the opposing team catches the ball . get expert tips and advice on soccer rules , moves , and skills in this free video .
get an introduction to the ride cymbal syncopation drum beat with expert tips and advice on music lessons in this free video .
reason 4 has many features and the sustain section is very easy to use and understand . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
shadowing the jaw and skin . learn how to apply old age makeup to make someone look like an elderly person with tips and techniques from this free video .
learn how to play and teach math bingo with expert teaching tips in this free online kids math games video clip .
the most common problem with partial dentures is being too loose . learn about related partial denture problems from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
what is the beastie rap in improv classes ? learn the rules of improv in this free video on theatre acting tips and techniques .
how to use some french grips for drum cymbals ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on music theory and playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
cameras can be set in four different views . learn how to set up a camera in adobe after effects software in this free video editing tutorial from a film production professor .
playing mandolin scales is easy with these finger pattern tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
ikkyo is the most important aikido technique and is performed two times on the rokkyo level test to prepare for the next test . learn the simplest aikyo technique to avoid a strike and take down an opponent in this free video featuring a 4th degree black belt .
let water dry in order to get a hard edge when painting the image of an orchid . learn how to paint the orchid blossom from a professional artist in this free watercolor painting video .
what is a jump rope mat ? learn how to train for boxing by jumping rope in this free training video on exercises for boxers .
portrait mode adjusts shutter speed to compensate for aperture . learn about portrait modes for the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
how to gently take moisture out of hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn how to master levels with home recording studio equipment . get tips on how to direct a recording session in this free video .
the locrian mode is the sixth of seven music modes in any scale including the g harmonic minor scale . play the violin in the key of g minor with tips and advice from an experienced musician and violinist in this free video on music theory .
teach your kids how to defend against the double wrist grab attack and other kidnapping techniques . learn how to do it properly from a martial arts expert in this free video clip then show your kids .
how to convert your home videos to dvd in this free home movie video .
learn how to cut onions and bell peppers to cook cajun recipe crawfish etouffee in this free online video lesson .
when watercolor painting the image of a girl using watercolors , use burnt umber and other colors to help shape and refine the eyes . learn more about shaping the eyes and watercolor paintings from a professional artist in this free painting video .
the praying mantis pressing block is using the palm with an open hand . learn how to doantis kung fu pressing blocks in this free martial arts video from a black belt instructor .
men 's tuxedos are very formal . learn how to draw a linen tuxedo in this free video on formal wear .
combine a side stepping lunge with an overhead shoulder press for a circuit training workout . learn how to do circuit training lunge and overhead shoulder presses in this free workout video from a certified personal trainer .
body sculpting for pregnant women is a great way to get back into the body after having a baby . get a body sculpting fit for pregnant mothers with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga .
writing rap music can be difficult . learn how to be a featured artist in this free video clip .
how to use a curling iron for styling a curly hair up-do ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn how to use flexible hapkido martial arts weapons in this free martial arts video from our expert master david herbert .
if you are pregnant , baby food is important to stay healthy . get tips for pregnant women 's nutrition in this free video clip from a registered dietitian .
link juggling tricks together by thinking carefully about how they flow well into each other . learn how to link tricks when juggling three clubs in this free hobby video .
inspecting a wood bowl before sanding will prevent spalting . get expert woodturning tips on inspecting a bowl in this free crafts video .
learn how to prepare your legs for shaving in this free online instructional video about shower head styles .
a car cooling system problem usually occurs when the car is dead summer or is overheating too much heat and not generating enough heat . identify car cooling systems problems by checking the hoses and radiator for corrosion with help from an auto mechanic in this free video on car repair and diagnostics .
how to attach clay for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
eyelash tinting is a process that involves seeking a professional to cleanse and color the eyelashes , and is generally done by putting vaseline , vaseline and food dye in the eye area . have beautiful , tinted eyelashes with information from an experienced cosmetologist in this free video on beauty
perform the bo staff cross strike technique with a yin and yang grip . get bo staff technique tips for doing a cross strike in this free video on bo staff techniques .
in order to change a flat bike tire , undo the valve stem , take off the valve cap and let most of the air out with a tire lever . fix a flat bicycle with tips from a bicycle mechanic in this free video on bike maintenance and repairs .
what is a kwl chart ? learn how to read to kids from an expert teacher in this free child-development video about learning to read aloud .
the rainbow kick is a sweet soccer move you can learn to get by the defender , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills and tricks in this free video .
learn about the 640 push pull handgun and how to shoot hand guns in this free handgun and firearms video series .
learn how to add wine to make picadillo con arroz with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
using sweep picking on guitar is a great way to add character to your musical sound . learn to play sweep picking in b minor from a seasoned musician in this free guitar video .
by using a fan brush and blocking in the background , you are able to see some of the basic strokes for your wall mural ; learn this and more in this free online painting video about wall murals taught by expert artist ian loveall .
when drilling a hole in wood , first get a good grip on the drill and push down with firm pressure . drill holes in wood with tips from a general contractor in this free home maintenance video .
the pink lemonade is a mixed alcoholic drink that contains vodka , cranberry juice and a dash of lime juice in a highball glass . create this savory beverage with tips from a bartender in this free video on bartending drinks .
wine and cheese pairings depend on the type of cheese . learn how to pair cheese with wine and cheese in this free video from a professional wine connoisseur .
in rock music drummers like to change it up and hitting a snare drum on the and of three is a good way to do that . learn some tips from a drum expert on how to do this basic rock drum technique in this free video clip .
stage presence is a great tool for every performer to have under their belt . learn how to improve your stage presence in this free video series .
learn how to use the whalebone glider artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
push-up exercises work out the triceps , back and chest . learn to do push up exercises with tips from a personal trainer in this free weight lifting video .
learn how to correctly and quickly read half-bends on guitar tabs in this free video series that will have you fluently reading guitar tab in no time .
the basic parts of a hookah are the base , shaft , down stem and grommet . learn more about hookah parts with tips from a hookahs enthusiast in this free video on hookah smoking .
learning a guitar chord chart is a lot of fun . learn how to read guitar chords with expert tips in this free guitar video .
in jujitsu , finish with punches , full shoulder rotation and dropping down to open the hand to protect the opponent 's arm . finish with the arm bear effectively with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujiitsu .
belly dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn how to do press downs in this free video clip on egyptian dancing .
how to clean and moisturize your face for photo shoot makeup ; get expert tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetics for looking great in professional photos in this free beauty video .
the purl continental style knitting stitch begins by placing the yarn in the left hand and placing the right needle through the loop . begin with the right stitch , then the left needle , with instructions from an experienced knitter in this free video on knitting .
these pep rally dance moves do n't use suggestive or suggestive movements . learn the first seven count of great pep squad spirit dance in this free cheerleading and dancing video .
what tools you will need to install a custom air intake on your car ; learn how from our expert mechanic in this free auto-maintenance video .
if you are looking for a stained glass pattern , learn how to cut glass to make a glass butterfly in this free video about preparing glass for stained glass crafts .
adjusting the intensity and axis of lights using after effects . learn how to create lights using adobe after effects software in this free video editing tutorial from a film production professor .
moshi moshi is a word in chinese calligraphy that is used like mike moshi , or `` please '' . learn how to speak in a new york dialect in this free video .
antonio lucio vivaldi was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play line eleven of this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video .
learn some tips on how to improve your improvisation on the piano in the key of gb major for improving your playing and improvisational skills in this free video clip on music lessons .
learn some great tips and techniques on how to attach some sort of thread when fly tying , plus other fly fishing tips , in this free how-to video on fly tying and tips .
in craps , you 're establishing a point and trying to hit it . learn how to play craps without betting in this free gaming video .
learn how to neutralize a car bumper before sanding with expert painting tips in this free online car repair video clip .
iron deficiency is the leading cause of restless legs syndrome . learn more about restless leg syndrome and treatments with tips from an acupuncturist in this free alternative medicine video .
iron the back of a shirt right under the yolk . iron shirt pleats with expert tips in this free clothing care video .
try the basics of dog trick training with family , friends and the internet . prepare a dog for dog tricks with tips from a professional dog trainer in this free pet care video .
graceful movements , in tai chi , are great for helping you learn the eight directions of your form . learn more about navigating a grid from a professional taoist in this free martial arts video .
learn about the effects of alcohol on menopause relief in this free medical video .
the best way to erase everything from a computer system is to reformat a drive and reinstall the operating system software on a recovery disk or a computer drive . use the windows xp program on a computer with tips from an it and computer specialist in this free video on computer technology .
the arm brush is used to put spin on a frisbee and to pass it to yourself or a teammate . learn how to do freestyle frisbees arm brushes from a world champion in this free sports and recreation video .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
learn how to create smooth strokes when painting a wall with your paint roller in this free instructional video clip .
how to use channel volume dj equipment ; get professional tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
learn how to add crayfish to cook cajun recipe crawfish etouffee in this free online video lesson .
ollie lines are a common mistake to avoid when learning to ollie . learn some tips to help avoid ollies from a professional skateboarder in this free skateboarding video .
throwing a change-up in baseball is done by gripping the ball in the back of the hand and not holding it loose . change up a baseball with tips from a former major league baseball pitcher in this free video on baseball .
exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . here is a free video on bosu ball knee crunches to help you in your operation fit !
the third waiting move in senegalese sabar dancing is a twisted foot move that turns the leg inward and flops against the chest . practice waiting moves with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video series on dancing .
in women 's self-defense , a knife attack can be escaped with a redirective hand . escape from knife attacks with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on kung fu .
organic gardening has both pros and cons . learn about the advantages and cons of organic gardening from a professional gardener in this free gardening video .
learn how to absorb excess water from the inside of a cappuccino mug in this free ceramics video lesson .
learn how to add angel parts to christmas tree angels in this free homemade ornament video from a christmas crafts expert .
photographers customize poses in preparation for portraits ; learn techniques and pro tips for great photographs in this free video on shooting different styles of photography .
woofer speakers can run up to 300 watts of sound . learn tips for picking out the idealwoofer amplifier in this freewoofer installation video from a guitar teacher and band member .
a healthy snack can improve your digestion . learn how to shop for healthy foods to improve your diet and nutrition in this free video .
watch and learn from an expert how to do a lower body lunge exercise in this free fitness video on lower body cross training exercises .
flight training for vfr pilots in good weather is required . learn about visual flight rules in this free video on flying in low conditions .
scrape the edge of a carving knife to add texture and shape . carve a head out of wax with a professional sculptor in this free video sculpting lesson .
when buying a computer , look for price , flexibility and compatibility . buy a computer with the tips in this free video on consumer electronics from a professional computer hardware trainer .
pilates is one of the most popular workouts in the world today . learn tips on the cervical roll over exercise for your workout in this free video clip .
learn about a few accessories for your bike in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable off-road bike racer .
homemade potpourri will freshen your house ! learn how to add oils to the flower with expert tips on making fragrances in this free video clip .
learn about knowing and understanding the rules of the 800m sprint with expert tips and advice in this free instructional video on running and training for the 800meter sprint .
when doing the third part of a ceebu jen drum beat in senegalese sabar dancing , shuffle backwards while string pulls alternate feet and arms . play a naari gorong rhythm with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video on dancing .
tips for making balloon flower . learn how to make balloon flower in this free childrens party entertainment video from an expert on twisting and folding balloon animals .
learn how to sew the bottom ribbon and top off of a reversible purse in this free clothing care video from our mending and sewing expert .
learn how to care for cacti and succulent plants with tips from an expert in this free gardening clip .
the casino cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
rock up and down while in the diamond pose in yoga massage to release tension and relieve stress . learn how to do the diamond yoga pose with tips from a yoga expert in this free yoga video .
add cobalt to the color wheel to create shadows and skin tone . learn how to draw cobalt shadows for a watercolor landscape with tips from an art teacher in this free painting video .
do n't know what to do with a dog ? it 's a big idea . learn how to get ready to buy a dog in this free pet care video .
finess is the most important aspect of diamond evaluation . learn all about clarity in diamonds in this free diamond video .
learn what objects are good for a ceremony in this free witchcraft for beginners video clip .
set button borders to zero for html users . code button borders on an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
to pierce a naval , clean the area thoroughly , apply technicare cream and surgical lubrication before the piercing , wear a surgical clamp on the bottom and upper navel and remove the needle and sterilizer . learn how to pierce the naval with tips from a licensed piercer in this free video on
the fruity loops sampler function menu has an interface that allows you to edit your samples . learn about the menu options for the sampler in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fl ) studio from an expert in music recording .
massage techniques for relaxation and lymphatic drainage are designed to reduce stress and reduce puffiness . learn more about facial massage techniques with expertise from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
there are many types of mattresses on the market today , including spring air mattresses with individually wrapped coils and cashmere mattresses . learn how to pick a spring air mattress with tips from the owner of a mattress store in this free video on how to buy a mattress .
in order to create an e-mail template in outlook 2007 , go to the `` tools '' tab and select `` user templates '' and select the `` save '' option in the file system . find out how to name a file name or password to alter outlook e-mails with the computer tips in this free video
use the smaller brush dipped in water to paint letters on a sign . paint letters onto a sign with craft tips from an experienced teacher in this free video about sign language .
women can improve their weight-training abilities by using compound movements to help prevent osteoporosis and osteoarthritis . find out how to do compound weight training for women with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video about weight-train for women .
learn the basic footwork for salsa mia dancing in this free instructional video on beginning latin dance .
learn about pinning the pins for cloth grocery bags with expert crafting tips from an expert clothes designer in this green living and recycling video clip .
glue rhinestones to clothing ; learn to embellish t-shirts and sweatshirts with jewels and gems , in this free video .
how to hand sand a woodworking project ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sanding for wood furniture and other carpentry in this free home improvement video .
patch art is an art form that requires a lot of thought and detail . design and create unique patch art with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
potatoes are an essential part of any spanish food recipe . learn how to prepare and saute potatoes in this free video clip on cooking .
heads of broccoli should be green , but green ones should be a little too ripe . learn about picking out broccoli at a grocery store or supermarket in this free video on fruits and fresh produce .
throwing under the leg with the overhand wrist flip grip is a very good throw when you are working in routines . learn how to do freestyle frisbee under the legs from a world champion in this free sports and recreation video .
learn how to use a light box to transfer your painting in this free instructional video art lesson
the highlighting tool in the pro tools midi editing interface can be used to shorten or shorten the length of a track . edit midi tracks in the editing interface of pro tools with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
learn additional techniques for dobro slide guitar in this free dobro guitar video .
a finder scope allows telescope users to view objects at higher magnification . learn more features for a telescope in this free home astronomy equipment video from a telescope designer and manufacturer .
learn how to cream eggs for mocha filled wonder cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
gripping a golf club is done by placing the right hand at the base of the club and keeping the left hand at top of the top . grip a golf shot properly with tips from a golf instructor in this free video on golf .
moving in yoga from warrior pose to warrior backward bend can be difficult depending on balance and flexibility . learn moving in intermediate core flow vinyasa yoga from an instructor in this free yoga video .
work your upper and lower body muscles with double crunches . learn how to do a double crunch with a stability ball in this free video clip from a personal trainer .
a foam roller can be used for shoulder relief . learn how using a foam roll can help relief shoulder pain with tips from a fitness instructor in this free video on muscle pain and shoulder impingement .
getting lean mass mass is possible with a healthy , well-balanced diet and physical activity . build lean mass with tips from a fitness director in this free video on ab exercises .
fleas come from a variety of places , including a home , a dog , a pet , a puppy or a pet . find out more about how to identify fleas with tips from a pet industry specialist in this free video on fleas and pest control .
how to apply loose powder for photo shoot makeup ; get expert tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetics for looking great in professional photos in this free beauty video .
snowboard types include women 's boards , half pipe specific boards and alpine boards . see different types of snowboards with tips from a snowboarding instructor in this free extreme sports video .
learn how to prepare the pan for this smothered chicken with maque choux recipe in this free cooking video from our cajun expert .
hand washing after spray tanning is important to get the spray tan done evenly . learn how to clean up after spray tans with tips from a beautician in this free sunless tanning video .
on the saxophone , the blues scale has a chromatic movement . play a blues scale on saxophone with tips from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
when massaging the trapezius muscles , use a rolling motion and use the thumb to help pull apart the fibers . learn more about massaging this muscle from a masseur in this free massage video .
learn from our expert about the ingredients for a cookie tree in this free recipe video on making your own holiday cookie tree .
how to touch up high fashion makeup ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetics like you see in fashion magazines and fashion shows in this free beauty video .
looking for new dance steps ? watch this free video lesson and learn the brazilian samba forro dance step and learn some moves .
the cost of eyebrow waxing can vary from seven to 12 dollars , depending on the type of service they use . find out more about the costs of getting eyebrows waxed in this free video from a professional eyebrow stylist .
you need to play tight , rather than loose . learn how to play five-card draw poker in this free gaming video .
the easiest way to tell if a body is muscle or fat is by flexing muscles , pinching the body fat percentage or using different methods at the gym . find out how to check body fat percentages with tips from an experienced fitness and exercise guru in this free video on exercising .
how to set up a dj mixer ; get professional tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
how to use comparison sites to buy used jeans online ; get expert tips and advice on shopping for clothes on the internet in this free shopping video .
teach your children from home ; learn about early homeschooling in this free home schooling video from an experienced teacher and education curriculum expert .
the ahhh sample is probably one of the most common samples in dj scratching . learn how to get a feel for a sample in this free dj scratching video lesson from a experienced disk jockey and music teacher .
a crane card is a more advanced origami model that is fun to create anywhere . learn tips from an origami expert on how to fold this model in this free video clip .
for collage , glue sticks are great for quick adhes and travel . use glue sticks for collages with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
learn about muscle response testing from our medical expert in this free alternative medicine video .
potting orchids are a totally different kinds of plants that are grown in potting soil . learn how to pot a orchid in this free gardening video .
want to make your own t-shirt ? learn how to start a tshirt in this free video clip about making custom tshirt designs .
learn how to wash a baby 's genital areas in this free video on baby care , health and safety .
learn how to give a professional spa manicure in this free online instructional video series , including manicure sanitation tips .
learn how to determine the market value of a barbie doll in this free toy collecting video .
playing mandolin scales is easy with these finger pattern tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
in kung fu , coil the foot and stab with the foot to perform the inside crescent kick and spear kick combination . execute this fighting attack combo with tips from a professional kung pung fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
a magnetic tray , terminal pliers and a set of heavy duty nylon zip ties are needed for wiring a trailer . learn the tools and supplies needed for installing trailer lighting from a professional mechanic in this free automotive video .
learn how to stretch fingers with massage therapy using expert tips on massages in this free online video clip .
adaptive skiing clothing is very similar to adaptive skiers . learn about adaptive skiing clothing with tips from an expert winter sports instructor in this free video .
tips for adding seasonings to ground beef ; learn this and more tips and preparation tips in this free online cooking video from chef donn ovshak , expert chef !
discover ways to add glitter to house plants in this free gardening and green thumb video .
learn what to expect when you 're looking for a model car in this free video series that will having you building pristine model cars in no time .
a circular saw is also known in some circles as a skill saw . learn about the parts of a circular saw in this free woodworking video from an expert carpenter .
blush adds color to your face . get tips for applying matte blush in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
learn how to repair electronic drum cymbal pads in this free video music lesson .
find out how to play hilly duck games with five little ducks in this free video on playing board games for kids and other youth recreation .
performance art needs to stay current in a particular culture and society . learn to be a performance artist by staying current in this free conceptual art video .
to draw a gladiator sandal , draw a small , thin sole on the bottom . learn to drawadiator sandals with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
wear dentures with metal cast arms or implants . discover the features of partial dentures from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
massage therapy and medications , as a reference guide for massage therapists , are a great reference material to use when dealing with diseases and other medical conditions . learn the books of pharmacology for massage therapy from a massage therapist in this free video on massage therapy .
flanging makes a fl studio sound like many notes . learn how to add chorus in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
home beer-brewing counter flow wort chillers are different from coiled hoses and plate style wort chiller . find out more about counter flow beer chillers from a master brewer in this free video on beverage making .
how to chop onions for curry phyllo triangles ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic curry recipe in this free cooking video .
making a myspace profile is easy with these tips , get expert advice on myspace pictures , profiles , graphics and layouts in this free video .
get the proper ingredients to make indian potato pakora and learn more about making traditional indian food in this free cooking video .
origami flower based on frog base . learn how to fold an origami iris in this free origami lesson from an origoshop expert .
how to trace your design onto your glass for your glass painting project ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson video about glass painting taught by expert jason painter .
learn what hands are common in crazy pineapple poker in this free video series that will show you how to master this poker variation in no time .
learn how to change the batteries for your hearing aids in this free video about general care for hearing aids .
the continental way of knitting is more of an aerobic knitting method . learn the continental way with tips from a knitting teacher in this free video on home hobby projects .
how to cut pork for making chinese hot and sour soup ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making traditional chinese recipes in this free cooking video series .
learn how to do an uppercut punch in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin karate instructor tony capraro .
taking high blood pressure is important for a doctor to determine what the numbers mean . learn how to take blood pressure with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
learn how to develop your own manual for kali from the creator of kali in this free gaming video .
learn how to fill italian stuffed shells pasta and more about making traditional italian food in this free cooking video .
ca n't scrape together the cash for a birthday clown ? no problem , let our expert show you how to make a balloon elephant trunk in this free video clip .
find out what you need to make your homemade garlic bread in this video recipe .
how to use finely chopped spring onions ; learn more about green , yellow , and spring onions in this free cooking video .
learning to switch hands over the shoulder when using nunchucks is easy with a few basic skill drills . switch hands in nunchuck with tips from a third-degree black belt in this free martial arts weapons video .
how to prepare for filing your federal income taxes online in this free video tutorial .
learn how to knit increase stitches in this free home hobby video .
the ukulele is a four-string instrument in the guitar family of instruments , which includes acoustic guitars and electric guitars . learn to play the ukile with tips from a musician in this free music lesson video .
teach kids numbers with dots in a kindergarten math lesson , by making dots in this free kindergarten math video clip , taught by a kindergarten teacher .
learn the basics of boxing footwork , techniques , steps , and movements in this free training video on basics for boxers .
when cleaning toilets , use elbow grease to loosen up the dirt and make cleaning easier each time . clean the hardware on a bathroom with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
the f stop controls how much light is sent into a camera during a photo shoot . learn how to use the f stop in photography in this free video on photography lighting techniques from a professional photographer .
learn about battlements and how to count over walls in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
draw a cartoon flea by adding an armored football shape to its armored body . learn to draw cartoon fleas from a profession cartoonist in this free drawing video .
check out cracked wheat and brown rice ; explore hot cereals and healthy alternatives to oatmeal in this free video on whole grain cereal tips .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
backup a computer hard drive by right-clicking the start button down at the bottom and then clicking on computer . get the computer back up with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
learn all about cumbia dance and music with expert columbian cumbian dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online advanced dance lesson and choreography video clip .
breaking a dog 's bad habits starts with giving them exercise , discipline and affection , and continues with mental and physical corrections . teach your dog to break bad habits and consider obedience training with a certified dog trainer in this free video on dog ownership .
tips for using photoshop lasso tool . learn about working with filters and tools in photoshop in this free photoshop tutorial from a professional graphic designer .
it 's pretty easy to make a slab without a slab roller , as long as you do n't worry about the air bubbles . learn how to roll clay for a ceramic slab in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
when massaging children with earaches , use grape seed oil or vegetable oil to provide a relaxing massage . gather supplies for massages with tips from a childcare specialist in this free video on massage .
have a small sauce pot and a bouillon cube handy for preparing this dish . collect utensils for cantonese chicken with ginger-scallion fried rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
bitter oils are derived from bait fish . discover how to use bait oils in this free fishing video .
learn how to do the shoulder pressure yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness lesson video .
get a walkthrough of the guard shack in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
adidas offers a variety of eyeglass accessories in this free video on children and eyeglasses .
how to use various texturing materials to make clay pottery ; all this and more in this free arts and crafts video taught by a pottery making expert .
draw the star points for a paper star lantern . light up a room by learning how to make a star-shaped paper lantern in this free crafting video .
use a poker to poke holes in the back of a skateboard to remove active hardware . find out where to place active skateboard hardware from an avid skateboard enthusiast and rider in this free video on skateboards .
the components of an atom include the nucleus , control center , protons and neutrons , as well as the formation of negative and positive protons . understand how a single atom works with important facts from a science teacher in this free video on fundamental physics .
organize coat rack design to match existing wood work . learn how to build a storage box for painting and art supplies in this free wood project video from a woodworking teacher .
there are two ways to hold the musical saw : vertical and up . learn how to hold a musical saw in this free online video music lesson on playing the singing saw .
how to navigate groups in adobe flash ; learn more about encoding video on websites in this free instructional video .
in photoshop , create a wood texture background and use the paint bucket tool . learn to create wood texture in photoshop from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
learn how to restart for off road mountain bike racing in this free video series about biking and biking for the beginner cyclist .
 peekaboo girls are a nice little peek-aboo rug out of jeans . learn how to make a peek-a-boo play mat out of recycled jeans in this free crafts video .
use photoshop curves to add dimension to your plastic text . learn some tips for creating the perfect plastic text from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
how to put together push mower equipment ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on sharpening gardening tools in this free instructional video .
learn how to set up a mosaic clay tile table in this free ceramics video tutorial .
make a paper pirate hat using a newspaper base and other decorations ; learn this and more in this free online arts and crafts video on making party supplies taught by expert ginny larson .
when threading facial hair , put the thread around the neck and hold it with a tooth . tie a thread on the face with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on personal grooming .
learn the importance of developing speed and agility from a health and beauty expert in this free agility training and fitness video .
a basic coil is good for medium length ropes . learn how to do a basic coil in this free knot tying video about how to mount a climbing wall .
use sponge makeup to smooth out the contour lines . learn to apply makeup for television and film in this free cosmetics video with a movie makeup artist .
in jiu-jitsu , straight ankle locks are all leg locks and are not leg locks . try a straight ankle lock on a partner with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on mma and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
make sure the thread is n't looping or knotting when threading . learn how to thread seed beads with expert tips from a seamstress in this free crafting video .
when you whiten teeth , you want to make sure the product is a good product , not a no-name product . find out how to whiten your teeth with dental information from a dentist in this free video on oral health and oral hygiene .
america 's favorite appetizer ! learn about the dessert for chicken wings in this free appetizer recipe from our professional chef .
practice rock to fakie before trying this skateboard trick . learn how to avoid mistakes in this free skateboarding video from a sponsored skateboarder .
options for fly fishing line weight . learn about fly fishing gear , supplies , and other equipment in this free video .
in jujitsu , defend against the headlock by covering the face with the knees and lowering the body to the floor to execute the move quickly . learn more about this defensive tactic with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujiitsu .
fixing an oven that is heating poorly requires putting the element on a very high setting , starting with the center element and then moving to the bottom element to troubleshoot the problem . consider using a broil setting when troubleshooting an oven with advice from a licensed home repair specialist in this free video on home
learn how to draw cartoon eyelashes with expert cartoon drawing tips in this free online art instruction video clip .
tips on getting pictures as christmas gifts for co-workers in this free holiday video so that you take the guesswork out of office holiday party gift giving .
take thousands of photos with your canon eos 40d digital slr camera . learn how to view photos on the lcd display in this free canon photography lesson .
learn what to wear as a beginning comic with expert stand-up comedy tips and techniques in this free comedy lesson video .
by looking out in the clouds , kids can become more creative and interested in reading ; learn how to teach children to read in clouds in this free child-development video series .
in kung fu , the horse stance is a stationary position for side-to-side movement . practice the tan tuck in the tail bone stance with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
select hosiery to wear with open-toed shoes by picking outfits that are clean at the foot line with no reinforcements or hem lines . avoid reinforcements by picking out shosieries with pointed toes with ideas from an experienced clothing designer in this free video on fashion .
learn all about the variety of balloons used for creations with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free balloon folding video clip .
the arizona sunrise is a mixed drink with tequila that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
watch as an expert bachelor explains how to date a supermodel in this free online video about attracting women .
exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . here is a free video on rear dealt shoulder exercises to help you in your operation fit !
take all notes from the major 7th chord when playing saxophone . improve saxophone playing skills with the lessons in this free video music lesson from a professional saxophone instructor .
learn how to defend against a head lock choke using bushido in this free martial arts video from a bushido expert .
prepare the skin for men 's waxing with a cotton square . learn about how to prepare the skin to be waxed by men with tips from a stylist in this free video on hot waxing for men .
lose weight on the fat flush diet by removing fatty foods from the diet and by learning about healthy fats . lose weight with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
practicing cheerleading and pilates exercises will help you improve coordination and balance . learn a balancing exercise from a professional cheerleader instructor in this free exercise video .
learn how to choreograph your partner steps when dancing the mambo in this free video dance lesson .
how to pick greenery for making tropical flower arrangements ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
how to make a raspberry glaze for `` death by chocolate '' cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
to draw a siamese cat portrait in conte crayons , start with the nose and use a photo source to fill in the darker areas . draw a cat portrait with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
if one car adds as many people to a insurance policy , a person with more than one car would get a discount ; however , those with multiple cars may want to sit down and discuss the different choices . find out how many vehicles can get discounts for auto insurance in this free video from a licensed insurance agent about
the eighth note in the a melodic minor scale on violin is an a natural with the fourth finger on the d string . play the eighth note of the a minor scale with a violin instructor in this free video violin lesson .
backpacking and traveling as a female traveler can be fun and easy with these tips , get expert advice on traveling and backpacking in this free instructional video .
learn common mistakes in a fakie smith stall from a skateboarding professional in this free skateboarding video .
in `` magic : the gathering '' any creature that has zero or less toughness is put into its owner 's graveyard . understand the zero toughness rule in `` magic cards '' from a certified judge in this free video on magic cards .
learn new moves and moves for wearing a veil in belly dancing routines from a professional in this free video on becoming a belly dancer .
in order to block yahoo ! email , go to the `` mail '' section of the internet website , click on `` mail options '' and add `` add '' to the email address . keep e-mails from browsing the internet and blocking them with tips from an internet business consultant in this free video on internet tools
learn how to pull the flout of the teapot when making a porcelain tea pot in this free ceramics video lesson .
watch as an expert bachelor explains how to attract supermodels in this free online video about attracting women .
in order to check a processor on a computer , go to my computer , right-click on my computer and choose the general tab under the properties tab . check a computer 's cpu type with tips from an it and computer specialist in this free video on computer technology .
dip the thumbs in the hole and form the floor of the ceramic bottle on the pottery wheel . learn how to form a floor of a ceramic bottle with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
salt in food is a good match with acidic wines . learn the salt and acid rule in how to pair food and wine from a professional writer , speaker and sommelier in this free culinary video .
learn how to create the frog base for an origami orchid with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
create dramatic portrait photography with white cards . learn how to use white cards in this free photography lesson from an experienced professional photographer .
after you 've prepared your craft project , it 's time to adher it . learn how to glue mosaic grout in this free video clip about making mosaic tile art .
when massaging the arms , avoid japanese shiatsu massage to relieve stress and tension . learn how to use japanan shietsu massage to treat elbow and shoulder pain with tips from a certified massage therapist in this free yoga video .
in kickboxing , keep the body tight when performing the straight , lead and uppercut pad combination . perform this powerful attack combo with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
get them all calling for help with their pens and pencils in the armpit office prank ! find out how in this free video on office pranks .
learn how to use the music business registry to help you get a record deal , or recording contract in this free online instructional video .
hemming a unitard requires using a straight stitch machine to properly trim the excess threads . learn to use a sewing machine to make unitard for sports or activities in this free sewing video .
practice playing the sample game of the dice tcg . learn how to play the dice game , `` ship , captain and crew , '' in this free gaming video .
how much maintenance you 'll need when you 're a piano ; learn this and more in this free video lesson about musical instruments taught by a piano tuning and care expert .
use large maggot to bait fish when ice fishing . learn more about ice fishing techniques in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
learn head to toe stretches in baby boomer yoga from a professional hatha yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn how to groom eyebrows in this free men 's hygiene and grooming video clip .
learn how to combine all the ingredients for the kasha mixture for kung pao chicken in this free recipe video clip on cooking .
learn how to do standing hip rolls for prenatal yoga in this free pregnancy exercise video from our expert on fitness for expecting mothers .
learn how to increase the speed and raise angle when shooting spit wads with expert tips in this free online video clip for kids and students .
at archery target practice , you 'll want to be safe so that you wo n't get hurt . learn how to load your bow and arrow in this beginner archery video lesson .
in order to make a homemade bracelet , it 's important to create a unique design . learn how to add a charm to a jean diy bracelet with tips from a jewelry maker in this free video about how to make bracelets .
learn the technique for a two hand over shoulder throw in this sports video from our professional black belt instructor on judo for children .
vulnerability is a key element of confidence that any performer can use to affect the audience . learn how to mix confidence and vulnerability from a professional performer in this free video .
trying to act with accents ? get tips for acting auditions in this free video clip from a professional casting director .
in praying mantis fighting , the pressing block can be done with either right or left hand punching . learn how to do mantis kung fu pressing blocks in this free martial arts video from a black belt instructor .
a dry cleaning kit will generally dry clean clothes . learn how to use a fabric softener sheet when steam washing clothes from a professional cleaner in this free laundry washing video .
learn to make an origami bird with instructions from a professional artist in this free video about paper folding crafts .
how to use brushes for silkscreening your own t-shirts ; get professional tips and advice on screen printing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free silscreening video .
the ear is important to the sculpture of the head . carve a head out of wax with a professional sculptor in this free video sculpting lesson .
how to use medication to survive a prison sentence in this free video clip .
learn how to attach the ratchet to a table in this free educational video clip .
the angelique is one of the easiest tulips to recognize . it has a double structure , in fact , it has lots of different layers inside . learn how to identify springtime flowers in bloom from a sustainable gardener in this free video .
diving boards need to be cleaned during the summer and winter to avoid the buildup of debris . take care of a diving board with tips from a diving coach in this free video on diving .
web designers can align text on a web page with simple html commands . code aligned text on an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
when making ceramic mugs , a pin tool is used to center the clay . learn how to center a mug on the pottery wheel in this free ceramics video .
learn the vrkasana pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
start with the upper body to make a cartoon man standing in underwear . learn to draw underwear cartoon drawings in this free cartoon drawing video lesson featuring a professional cartoon artist .
reading bass clef notes involves learning the basic musical staff line , which is also known as the s- clef , and the rows and spaces for each note . read bass cleff notes with tips from a pianist , singer and songwriter in this free video on musical tips .
belly dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn tips on the costumes for egyptian belly dancing in this free video clip .
learn how to write a sports headline in this free written word analysis video .
professional camera cases are great for taking long trips with your equipment . learn about the benefits of professional camera cases in this free photography video about the basics of how to become a pro photographer .
how to know the water level on a washer or other washing machine ; get professional tips and advice on washing and drying any type of jeans in this free instructional video .
when creating a comic hero , design a vigilante style character with a clear and distinct look and pattern . design a super hero with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
when doing a rapier stomach slash , move out of the way of the attacker . learn rapier belly slash techniques in this free stage combat video .
how to remove contact lenses in this free eye care video .
how to paint the hair when oil painting a portrait ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own portrait in this free instructional art video .
caring for hair extensions requires shampooing and rinsing the natural hair to remove the synthetic and synthetic elements . take hair extensions out of the shampoo or sink to cover the extensions with tips from an experienced hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
here are some tips for buying face paints for your little girl in this free video clip about face painting ideas and tips for kids .
use water and a little bit of yellow to change out the colors of an orchid . learn to watercolor paint orchid blossoms from a professional artist in this free painting video .
sizing up your audience for magic show . learn how to put on a magic show with easy magic tricks in this free video clip about practicing the art of magic .
learn about doing a butterfly flow pose for prenatal yoga in this free pregnancy exercise video from our expert on fitness for expecting mothers .
learn how to sweep down the ceiling to paint your living room and other remodeling tips in this free instructional diy home improvement video .
overhead tricep extensions are an upper body arm and core workout and tubing or resistance bands are a great workout tool to use to increase intensity . learn how these are done and their benefits from a health and fitness expert in this free video clip .
practice kicking the leg motion of the freestyle stroke using a kickboard or a paddle . an expert swimmer shows how to kick in the water in this free beginners swimming video lesson .
adding decorations to a ceramic charger plate will add style and personality to your piece . learn about adding additional decoration to a clay charger plate with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
breast augmentation is also known as breast enhancement , or breast enhancement . learn about breast augmentation in this free cosmetic surgery video .
hitting the nose is a vital part of an attacker 's defense . learn how to do the nose attack defense technique in this free video clip from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
when performing the seated sarvangasana pose in yoga , never create a 90 degree angle between the neck and shoulders to prevent compression . learn more about this pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn the meaning of the elvish harbinger green card and how to play it in 'magic : the gathering ' in this free game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
sewing the neck of a dress pattern is a crucial part of making a dress , get expert tips and advice on dressmaking in this free video .
the spindle gauge is used to turn a different bowl . learn more about woodturning tools in this free woodworking video from a wood shop expert .
do n't have a big gap between your legs for the pounding step clap . learn how to do waves and pounding in intermediate hip hop dancing .
taking blood pressure is important for people who have high blood pressure . learn how to take blood pressure with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
telemarketing can be a rewarding career path because it combines an outbound sales job with computer skills and customer experience . become a telemarketing supervisor with tips from an experienced telemarketer in this free video on career information .
the voltage regulator is actually the bolts that hold the brushes on . learn how to replace alternator brushes and reassemble the voltage regulator in these free auto repair video instructions featuring a certified mechanic .
when installing skateboard bearings bearings it is important to use an active bearings press . put wheels bearings into a skateboard with tips from an avid skateboard enthusiast and rider in this free video on skateboards .
learn about making soon tobu ji gae for korean kimchi with expert cooking tips in this free korean cuisine video clip .
learn how to know when your dog is an old dog in this free video .
how to serve korean kimchi chigae and rice ; learn more about making traditional korean food in this free cooking video .
how to add bronzer for applying a carmen electra makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
if a cat has fleas and ticks , there are some signs to look for , such as making circular spiral specks or flea feces . determine the symptoms of a flea and tick on a cat with tips from a veterinarian in this free video on cat care .
the turntable arm holds the head , which holds the cartridge , and the stylee or needle . learn how to use an experienced disc jockey in this free music lesson video .
get a free saxophone lesson on playing the g major scale in this free video lesson taught by a professional saxophone player .
chop vegetables for prosciutto rosemary chicken in butter and place the chopped vegetables over the butter . chop vegetables with tips from an expert chef in this free culinary video .
do you hear the rhythm in everything you do ? learn how to play tom-tom and rim shots with expert tips and advice on bucket drumming in this free video .
learn how a nebulizer is delivered with a child with expert medical tips in this free vaporized medicine video clip .
stamping easter wish cards is a great way to add character and dimension . stamp easter wishes onto a card with tips from a scrapbook demonstrator in this free easter crafting video .
in `` magic : the gathering '' state-based effects are cleaning up the game state . learn about state based effects in `` magic cards '' from a certified judge in this free video on magic cards .
the downward block in kung fu is easy with these tips , get expert advice on martial arts in this free video .
learn how to identify different colors in a painting in this free video lesson on painting basics for beginners .
the biggest fear of every performer is not being able to get the audience 's attention . learn tips on what to do to get them to enjoy your show from a professional performer in this free video .
learn how to add shell trim when making a shower curtain with expert sewing tips from a seamstress in this free crafting video clip .
improvising on the piano can help you develop a melody for your song . learn how to write a song in this free music video .
turning a hula hoop while keeping momentum on the chest is a good way to keep momentum for hula hooping tricks . find out how to turn hula hoops with the tips in this free video on hula tips from a professional hooping instructor .
the third note in a c tonic minor arpeggio on violin is a g natural ( eb ) on the d string . play the third note of the c melodic minor scale with a violin instructor in this free video violin lesson .
learn from our expert how to sprinkle some flour when baking some bread in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
learn how to cut a dog 's back foot in this free pet care video .
developing and editing layers for a music demo can be difficult if you are not familiar with the process . learn some tips for integrating layers from a professional musician in this free video .
do you have oily or dry skin ? learn how to analyze your skin to make a face mask in this free video clip from a professional beauty consultant .
making foam bubbles in real life is easy ; learn how to make them in this free video .
learn how to do the open new york walk dance steps in the hustle in this free dance lesson video .
basic tango dance clothes should be comfortable and easy to move all the body and legs , including hip tops and flowing tops . rehearse and move all parts of the body for tango dancing with the tips in this free video dancing lesson from a professional dance instructor .
place shapes in two-dimensional design in correct perspective to get the most out of the drawing . move in correct directions with tips from an artist in this free design video .
using a cheese cloth will make your paper mache project easier to make . learn how to make newspaper mache lizards from a professional art instructor in this free crafts video .
when practicing latin jazz syncopation with hands claps , it 's important to keep your feet tapping in a steady beat . learn more about hand claps in this free organ lesson video from a jazz and classical bassist .
play ghost drum patterns on half-time with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
cartooning tutorial . learn about the turbo supplement in yu-gi-oh in this free video .
troubleshoot a dishwasher by checking the basket , drain line , garbage disposal and other places in the dishwasher . make sure the arm rotates freely and clear debris from the drain line with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement and maintenance .
sunflowers are easy to grow and can be grown from seed packets that are placed in a drawer in the house for one or two days . grow sunflowers with tips from a sustainable gardener in this free video on gardening .
give your old jeans new life ! learn how to prepare jeans to turn into bell bottoms with expert tips in this free clothing alteration video .
motorcycle helmets can be very mod in styling , as they can be used on a runway or in fashion illustrations . draw motorcycle helmets with a fashion designer in this free fashion illustration video .
how to prepare the malt and grains for home brewing amber beer ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video series .
how to use a stiff brush to paint on glass and how to avoid streaking your paint ; tips , tricks and techniques to change your old framed glass into new art pieces in this free online art lesson about painting taught by david a. clemen .
get an introduction on how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
adding garden art to your garden can enhance your plants and flowers . learn how to add garden art in this free gardening video .
learn how to form the face for a betty boop face pendant in this free video lesson on home decorating .
watch and learn from our expert baker how to finish your crepe in this free cooking video on making easy crepe recipes .
learn some tips on how to properly hit a cymbal in this free video series that will teach you how to strategically set up your band and musical equipment for a performance .
midi cables are used to connect sound cards and cpu components together . check out quality midi cables in cubase in this free digital music recording video .
learn how to do hurdle moves for running backs in american football in this free football video lesson on how to be a star running back .
doing an overhead throw is easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
vocal self-care is important if you 're going out late every night singing . learn more about vocal care from a professional singer in this free video .
for the backward knee drop yoga pose stretch both the spine and hips underneath the elbow . learn how to do the downward knee drop for yoga fitness and strength training in this free yoga video .
using more pressure with one hand will help form a shallower bowl shape . learn how to thin the walls of a clay bowl on the pottery wheel in this free ceramics video .
do you want to have dinner with me or your family in portugal ? learn common phrases for making invitations in portuguese , in this free language lesson video taught by a language expert .
what 's the difference between using a steamer and water when ironing clothes ? learn about steam and other tips on laundry and clothing care in this free video .
potters open clay for a platter by pressing the clay down on the wheel and opening up the clay . see how to open a hole for a clay platter in this free ceramics video .
learn how to clean pool skimmers baskets when cleaning and maintaining your swimming pool with expert tips on pools in this free pool maintenance video clip .
ryote tori shiyunage is an aikido technique that splits the opponent 's energy and sets up the defender 's heaven and earth throw . learn the ryotedori koshinage technique in this free video .
the chicken breast is a thinly-sliced one so it 's not going to take that long to broil up . gather ingredients for general tso 's chicken with fried mushroom rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
add a thumb spin to your finger spin combo . learn the nunchucks thumb spin combo in this free martial arts combat video from a tae kwon do blackbelt .
a basic snow ski jump stance is shoulder width apart and balanced to avoid hitting the ski ground during a jump . learn how to do snow jumps with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free winter sports video .
learn how to cook a tequila shrimp recipe in this free cooking with alcohol class on video .
improve your tae kwon do skills by learning the tornado kick with expert tips in this free martial arts video .
tents can make or break your trip , get expert tips and advice on backpacking in this free video .
to store a band saw , unplug and wrap the cord , place it in a dry place and try not to trip or trip over anything . store and repair band saws with this free video from a professional contractor .
king snakes are known to eat other species of snakes quite frequently . get more king snake information from a reptile specialist in this free video on exotic pets .
how to play ii minor chords for jazz piano in the key of f major ; learn this and more in this free online video jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
there are several ways to sign the words for transportation in sign language . learn more about how to sign transportation words in american sign language with tips from a deaf signing expert in this free sign language video .
mental preparation is key in any gymnastics event . learn about mental preparation with tips from a gymnastics coach in this free gymnastics video .
learn the history of the witch of endor in this free witchcraft for beginners video clip .
a table of contents is a twenty-fourth page analysis of a college research report . learn how to write a table-of- contents football analysis with tips from a communications and public speaking expert in the free instructional video .
taking a charge is one of the most important defensive skills in the game of basketball . take a charge in basketball with tips from a basketball coach in this free video on playing basketball .
from studio tours to merchandise , learn what it means to make a cd at home in this free musical performance video lesson .
techniques for stretching the wrists during yoga warm ups . learn how to properly warm up the wrists with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
professional budget advice you ca n't miss ! learn how to make a budget for personal finances in this free online video tutorial .
edit myspace text by clicking on `` profile , '' selecting `` edit profile '' and entering in all of the changes and categories . make fun changes to myspace with tips from a work flow manager of a myspace page in this free video about social networking websites .
when making a texas-shaped coaster , sand off the rough shape of the project . sand sand paper to prepare for wood turning project with a professional carpenter in this free video on wood crafts .
there are three kinds of herbicides you can use to control weeds and grass ; learn about pesticides and herbicides in this free video on pesticide application .
learn how to get materials for poster mounting in this free art collection and hobbies video .
learn how to do a reverse forehand frisbee throw in this free frisk and firearms video .
when repairing a toilet note that there is enough slack in the clip to hold the toilet up and the seal will break . learn how to add a toilet clip with tips from a kitchen and bathroom remodeling expert in this free home improvement video .
the fourth note in the b melodic minor scale on violin is an e natural . play the first note of the b minor minor scale with a violin instructor in this free video violin lesson .
chopping in thai yoga massage stretches the back and spine and is a great massage method to use when the client is uncomfortable in a forward fold . learn more about this massage technique with tips from a yoga instructor in this free massage therapy video .
step and pull then pull . learn the pull down hip hop dance move in this free aerobic dancing video from a choreographer .
if a player has less than 10 points but has not gotten a zero , then that score is a good score . learn how to play fourteens solitaire in this free gaming video .
learn how to smooth sleeves when ironing your shorts in this free clothing care video from our professional wardrobe expert .
in kung fu , bring all of the fingers together and bend the knuckle to the side of the hand to make a palm shape . develop the proper palm shape with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
learn about drills for paintball in this free paintball lesson from an experienced player and strategy expert .
watch an expert martial artist explain and perform a cartwheel and aerial in this free video clip .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to flatten the sides of a wood walking cane in this free online video about wood crafts .
the three point stability position , or push-up , is a great core strength exercise that can help you improve your stability in this free core training workout video .
play half-time drum patterns with ghost notes in 12/8 with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
active meditation is a great way to begin chair yoga exercises . learn how to doactive meditation with chair yoga for seniors with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free chair yoga video .
learn when to swing the bat right handed in this free baseball coaching video from an expert softball and baseball coach .
in kung fu , twist the arm and drive up with the same hand to perform the downward forearm block and straight punch counter attack . find out more about this powerful fighting maneuver from a k fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
best way to chop ginger and garlic for paneer masala and enhance the flavor of this traditional indian dish ; learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation of chicken and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
learn how to add water when building a snowman with tips from a winter recreation expert in this free winter fun video .
emotion , facial expressions and body language are all ways of expressing enthusiasm in your screen interview . learn how to give a professional screen interview with professional screen coach aimy kersey in this free media video .
before buying beads , it 's important to know how many to need . learn how to make a window valance in this free craft video about making beaded window valances .
johannes brahms was one of the greatest music composers in history and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
in kung fu , make sure to push out with the tips of the toes to perform the rising circular block , lead punch and low kick combination . execute this fighting combo with tips from a professional kung k fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
be zealous in keeping the game in play at all times . learn about paint checks and rules for paintball in this free paintball lesson from an experienced player and strategy expert .
how to mix meat ingredients for making empanadas ; learn more about traditional spanish , portuguese , and latin american food in this free cooking video .
to do a back develope in modern dance , bring feet together and bend the knees . learn to warm-up for modern dancing with develope exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
learn how to do a down dog yoga pose from a yoga expert in this free exercise video about using props in yoga workouts .
diving with no splash is a good way to break the surface tension in water for your dive . learn some tips for using your palms properly from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
 eyeball a whiskey set plate to get an idea of how it functions . learn about plate dismounts with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
how to use a wire wheel to sharpen a bench grinder ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sharpening tools , shaping and polishing metal in this free instructional video .
finding cheap aquariums for cheap is possible by getting a relative or other person who has an aquarium but no longer wanting to use it . get information on how to buy fish tank repair with tips from the owner of a fish pet store in this free video on pet care .
learn how to make healthy kids snacks for four and five year olds with expert childcare tips in this free online healthy kids diet video clip .
warrior one pose in sun salutation yoga is a balancing pose and opportunity for back bends . find out how to do the warrior one yoga pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga poses .
massage therapy is not just for the shoulders . discover more about shoulder massage techniques with tips from a professional massage therapist in this free instructional video on massage techniques .
learn how to replace a socket after installing a socket in this free online do it yourself home improvement video on basic electrical work .
how to use double stops in intervals on the violin ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing violin and music theory in this free music lesson video .
in feng shui , bedroom art is a great way to bring energy into a love life . use bedroom art with tips from a certified fen shui consultant in this free video on home decorating .
when drawing comic characters , artists should understand the dynamics of the figure as it is swinging . draw comic book characters with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
the days of wine and roses is a great romantic relationship that involves spending time with the other person , enjoying music and making them feel appreciated . create a romantic relationship with tips from an author of a book on dating in this free video on interpersonal relationships .
run the low post . learn how to play the middle man in a zone defense in this free youth basketball lesson from an experienced head coach .
reading music while dancing the charleston is a great way to enjoy the music and move from one dance position to another . find out how to read music correctly with tips from two dance instructors in this free video on dancing .
dismount a ceramic covered jar from the potter 's wheel using a wire tool . learn about vase dismounts with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
how to use construction paper to make the background for your still life . find out more about how to create a still life background with construction paper with tips from an experienced outdoorsman in this free video .
distractions are a common basketball mistake . learn how to avoid distractions with expert tips and advice on basketball rules in this free video .
the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn the string names of a violin in this free video clip series .
the zen yoga dragon lunge dragon stretch is a side stretch that begins on the other side of the body and rotates . learn dragon stretches and twists in the dragon dragon dragon stretch from the founder in this free alternative medicine video .
the reverb guitar effect makes it sound as if you are playing the guitar is a large room , hall , auditorium , or studio . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
how to cut onion and garlic for chicken biryani ; learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
switch hands and look straight up for the lunge back with pop . learn advanced hip hop funk funk choreography from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
to handle hermit crabs , keep the palm flat , skin taunt and try not to pull them off of bark or pincers . handle a hermit crab properly with tips from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
disposing of used antifreeze is a good idea to have a qualified service technician do the job . learn about garbage disposal etiquette with tips from a former highway patrolman in this free law enforcement video .
how to properly tune a guitar by ear when you restring it ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
a rabbit 's nails should be trimmed only every three months . care for rabbits ' nails with tips from a veterinarian in this free video on dog care and obedience .
keeping your tumbling knees clean is important in order to transition into the other routine . learn more about clean tumbling moves in gymnastics from a professional gymnastics instructor .
the eagle yoga pose brings all of the weight onto the right foot and creates stability . learn more about the eagle pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
when someone grabs you , they want to feel pain instantly . escape from a front choke hold with tips from an eight-degree black belt in this free video on martial arts self-defense techniques .
there are many different types of calligraphy papers . learn more about the types of paper in this free video series about becoming a calligrapher .
learn how to correctly juggle wimpy balls in this free video lesson on juggling .
the outside of a front door in feng shui is identified by the shape of the energy mandirs . see how a red front door is shaped in fen shui with this free video from a leading feng pui practitioner .
learn how to prepare for a red carpet event and get professional tips and advice on red carpet fashion styles in this free instructional video .
teeth whitening products such as zoom 2 can brighten and color shade multiple teeth , but they are not too damaging for the long term . learn more about how to use in-office products to whiten your teeth in this free video from a dentist .
the oyster sauce for this satay chicken recipe is thickened with soy sauce , sherry and cornstarch . make a cooking stock with soy and chicken sauce with tips from a chef in this free video recipe .
the zen yoga qigong move is a very relaxing move that 's great for relaxing the whole body . learn tips on how to do this move correctly from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
card cards in `` magic the gathering '' can be triggered or equipped , which can summon or destroy certain creatures . learn `` magicthe gathering '' cards and triggered abilities from a certified judge in this free magic cards video .
use compuhost karaoke software to start your singer and execute the singer performance easily with these tips . learn how to apply software to host karaaraoke shows in this free tutorial video .
changing the light bulb on a car is drastically reduced if it is touched glass . learn how to replace a car 's headlights in this free video on auto repair .
loggers service is generally based around about 65 full-time employees . learn more about logging service with tips from a logging company in this free video on logging equipment .
how composition determines the flow of a viewer 's attention in a painting ; learn this and more in this free online painting video about wall murals taught by expert artist ian loveall .
the object of the clock solitaire variant is to beat the kings . learn how to play kings solitaire in this free card games video .
before painting a house door , determine if the paint is oil-based or latex . paint a house-type door with tips from a heating , ventilation and air conditioning ( hvac ) certified technician in this free video on home repair .
one secret to human longevity is to control your body 's portion control . learn more about controlling your portion control to improve longevity with expert tips from a science and health researcher in this free video about improving human longevity .
high blood sugars can cause confusion , confusion and blurry vision . learn how to recognize signs of type i diabetes in this free video from a nutritionist specializing in diabetic diets .
sculpture requires a lot of details ! learn how to add details to plaster sculptures in this free art lesson video .
the nintendo wii was invented in 2001 by nintendo ds , which is also known as the working title , and is currently popular on all nintendo 's platforms . find out more about the history of the wii with help from a technology specialist in this free video on the nintendo home video
learn about the different types of potatoes in this free video on home gardening .
your heel toes need to be lifted when traveling with a hop . learn how to do heel toes traveling in hip hop dance warm-ups from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
buying a video camera is a daunting task because it is primarily used for vacationing . take the proper steps to become a professional videographer with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photography .
learn the different types of thermometers including disposable thermometers and digital thermometers with expert medical tips from a trained doctor in this free health care video clip .
toe holds are very painful submission moves done while on the guard . do toe holds in combat sports with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
scratching is a normal behavior for cats . enrich a cat 's environment with scratching pads with tips from an animal rescue volunteer in this free video on cat behavior .
place the fourth finger on d flat for an upright bass scale . learn about playing upright bass d flat major scales and arpeggios in this free stringed instrument video from a jazz and classical bassist .
the reverse plank pose in assisted yoga builds core strength , shoulder strength and biceps . learn the reverse plank yoga pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
knotting a knit hat is also called a toboggan or beanie . draw knit hats with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
one secret to human longevity is to eat a high-carbohydrate diet . find out more about eating healthy with expert tips from a science and health researcher in this free video about improving human longevity .
learn how to spotter when cheering with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video on advanced cheerleading jumps and tumbling .
in djembe repair , knot the bottom ring of the drum equally tight than the top ring . knot the lower ring when making a jalapeo african drum using the tips in this free video .
to treat dandruff in the hair , analyze the scalp and apply a scalp relief or sea breeze to loosen up dry skin . treat danderruff with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
loading a snowmobile from trailers is done by lining up the snow machine to the back of the trailer , pulling it up and towing it with tips from a custom car repairman in this free auto maintenance video .
keeping a cat safe and healthy is discussed in this free video .
when reinstalling a car 's radiator , make sure the lower fan shroud clips are not on your new radiator . learn how to replace a car radiator in these free auto repair video instructions .
in chair yoga , the knee is pointed to the side instead of the ceiling in order to increase the leg strength . learn more about the knee and leg strength for chair yoga from a certified yoga instructor in this free exercise video .
add photos to myspace profiles by copying and pasting photo codes into a photo album . find out more about how to add photos to your myspace profile with tips from a myspace user in this free video about creating myspace pages .
stretch out the top line of a horse 's head for an equine massage . learn how to stretch a horse for a horse massage with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse massage video .
domino polka dance footwork has a fundamental dance step . learn more about foot work for domino pol polka dancing in this free dance lesson video .
the first team to first side to five wins in tennis . learn how to get ready for a game situation in tennis with various drills and training techniques in this free video lesson .
increase your energy with these yoga poses . learn how to do the bridge yoga pose to ease symptoms of fibromyalgia in this free medical treatment video from a professional yoga instructor .
do n't leave a lot of attachments in the body of your e-mails . learn e-mail etiquette and popular e- features in this free communications video .
calligraphy 4 is a great number to use in your sail drawing . get expert tips and advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
find out how to catch a fish using a fishing pole in this free fishing video .
before making a bracelet out of pants , it 's important to decide if the material is looser or looser . loin the waist band when making bracelets out of jeans with tips from a custom-clothing specialist in this free video on bracelets .
learn how to do the heel toe hip hop dance step in this free dance lesson video .
stretching out your arms and shoulders is a good way to warm up before ice hockey . learn a useful ice hockey stretch from a professional hockey player in this free sports video .
the no-hand cartwheel , in kung fu , is a fast cartwheel that requires practice and skill . learn to perform the no-handed cartwheel in this free online karate video lesson .
learn how to form wreath cookies with expert baking tips in this free holiday dessert video clip .
writing a h in calligraphy is a detailed process that can make or break your project . learn specific tips on how to write this letter to match the rest of your calligraphic project .
clean the blackhawk 226 9mm by using a bore snake , a light brass brush , a nylon brush and a light steel brush to clean the inside of the handgun , and by wiping down the patches and q-tips with a flat-blade screwdriver . use safety information from a gun library specialist in this
you can use a variety of wood stains for your box . learn how to stain a box in this free woodworking lesson from an experienced woodworker .
want to help your first grade child with their first grade lessons ? learn how to pick books for your kids in this free education video clip on home schooling and tutoring .
when massaging a horse 's abdomen in equine massage be sure to use moderate pressure and do n't apply too much pressure . learn more about massaging the horses abdomen with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse massage video .
the most common cheerleading hair bow is a collection of two simple ribbons that can be purchased at any local craft store . make cheerleading bows with tips from an experienced cheerleader in this free video on cheerleading .
many sports or activities require a unitard to be fitting . learn to make beginner turtleneck unitards from a professional turtler in this free fashion video .
create effects separate from the filters in fl studio . learn more about working with effects in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
practicing for beatboxing is easy with these tips , get expert advice on beatboxing in this free video .
learn how to balance for a bmx hang 5 with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
lean how to choose vegetables and fruits for a macrobiotic meal in this free online video on how to prepare healthy macrobiotics .
in golf solitaire , a player will end up with 30 five cards face up and then seventeen cards to play out . deal out a game of baseball solitaire with tips from an experienced poker player in this free video on card games .
some violin etudes are easier to practice than others . learn tips on how to find other music etudes to practice for an advanced performance from a violinist in this free music lesson video .
learn how to get into little league baseball with expert tips on children 's sports in this free video clip .
when cleaning a bathroom shower , the casing of the shower handle does n't require any elbow grease . clean shower casing with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
learn how to use google ad sense to publish your own personal website and learn more about website design in this free instructional video .
use carriage screws to connect wood block to table for measurement . learn how to connect the wooden block to a table for measurements in this free woodworking video .
learn how much water you should consume and why staying hydrated is so important for leading a more active lifestyle in this free health and fitness video clip .
learn how to find the proper distance from your partner in rapier fencing in this free martial arts video lesson .
get a whiter , brighter smile with a laser whitening procedure . find out how laser teeth whitening can make your smile brighter in this free dental health video from a dentist .
playing off beats on the and of three during the swing drum beat pattern is a great way to enhance the groove . learn more about playing off-beat rock drum beats with tips from a musician in this free video on drumming .
patterned tableware is available in any color and can go on the table that actually has a pattern on it . choose colors for a bachelorette party with tips from a party planner in this free video on weddings .
how to make roasted pepper and artichoke dip and get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic appetizer dip recipe in this free cooking video .
for shrimp with curried onions , if the oil is starting to evaporate and before it goes completely you are going to add three teaspoons , a little bit more than half a tablespoon of curry powder , a half teaspoon of turmeric and a half a teaspoon of cayenne . add spices to the vegetables for
learn about circuit bending and how precautions you should take for circuit bending in this video series that will help you understand how and when to utilize this unique way of making music .
writers ' careers include discipline and mechanics and understanding of the english language . become a writer with tips from a published writer in this free writing career video .
alpacas can be found on the internet , the internet or at a local farm store . learn where and how to get alpacas in this free show and entertainment video .
the basic chain is the stitch you need to know to start every crochet pattern . learn how to crochet a bag from start to finish in this free crafts video .
a bracelet made with holes in the waist band can be a creative arts and crafts project . design and create unique bracelets with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
stretch your hamstrings , glutes and your low back with forward bends . learn how to move forward in a forward bend with chi gong in this free video clip about the healing tips in gong .
how to make pineapple rice for making pineapple salsa ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making some unique , fresh salads in this free cooking video .
when using an eye pencil , apply light strokes from the center of the eye to the outer lash line and keep the pencil as close to the lash line as possible to create a softer and fuller look . avoid using too thick eyeliner in the daytime and nighttime with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this free
pencil sharpening is a great alternative to an electric pencil sharpener . learn more about different types of pencil sharpers with tips from an experienced housekeeper in this free video on housecleaning .
riding a snowboard on a flat stance is heavily reliant upon the type of snowboard you are riding . get snowboarding tips for riding a flat snowboard in this free extreme sports video from a snowboarding instructor .
when watercolor painting a house and church , use two brushes to paint the roof overhang . find out more about painting the roof shadow from a professional artist in this free painting video .
make sure that you 're completely flat on the floor and bend your right knee in toward your chest , like alex has . learn how to do lower back stretches from a certified yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
learn how to set up your torch for wire sculpture and figures in this free video art lesson .
a burin jig is used for burin sharpening by sticking a burin in the center of a sharpening stone . learn to sharpen burins with a smaller jig with tips from a printmaker in this free printmaking video series .
take a visual look at the scale for advanced bass guitar play ; learn how from our professional bass guitar player and composer in this free music instruction video .
violin bow hand and bow hold exercises are a good way to get familiar with the different types of vibrato . learn more about bow hand , bow hold and violin vibrato with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
bending the knees and rolling up the spine , learn to warm-up for modern dancing with arm strengthening exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to clean terrarium screens in this free online video about reptile care .
when drawing a figure for fashion design and illustration , start at the bottom of the figure . draw a figure with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
learn some expert tips and advice on how to warm up for cross country running in this free exercise training video on competitive cross-country running .
the overhead is a very important squash shot . learn tips for hitting overhead squash shots in this free video from a squash instructor .
make sure that your chin toward your chest , let your neck be heavy and you roll through your spine all the way down . learn how to do the hamstring stretch in pilates from a professional instructor in this free fitness video .
in baseball , on-base percentage , or slugging percentage , is calculated by dividing hits plus walks by the number of atbats . calculate baseball offense with tips from a swing mechanics analyst and hitting coach in this free video on baseball statistics and tips .
learn the sivananda yoga full yoga breath in this free exercise video .
learn the proper safety procedures before you paint a car with expert painting tips in this free online car repair video clip .
in calligraphy , the capital t in the italic capital letter t begins with a straight stroke . learn more about letter width for calligraphic lettering in this free handwriting video from a calligrapher .
growing and caring for st. john 's wart plants requires well-drained soil with peet and perlite for the herb . grow this herb with tips from a horticulturist in this free gardening video .
hydrotherapy can be used during a colonic cleanse . learn about different types of hydrotherapy options in this free health video .
grouper fish is one of the most sought after fish in the mexico aquarium . learn more about grouper fish with tips from the owner of a fish pet store in this free video about pet care .
martial artists such as kickboxers use kickboxing techniques such as a front kick , rear leg round kick in combination to defeat an opponent in a fight . learn kickboxing two kick combo techniques in this free martial arts video .
learn the different types of customer service including talking to customers over the phone and written communication with expert training tips in this free online customer service training video clip .
learn how to install the wand for your faux blinds in this free video clip .
tips for making fried rice in this free asian food cooking video .
blush is soft and blended , applying it to the apples of the cheeks without creating circles . apply blush to contour face , making sure not to have circles on the cheeks , with beauty tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on skin care and makeup .
trying to file your business taxes ? get tips for finding employment in this free video clip about small business tax tips .
learn how to tie the top rags for a woven rug in this free video .
installing certified automotive carpet is done in two stages . find out how to install certified car carpet with tips from a certified master mechanic in this free video on automotive maintenance .
there are many major scales to play on the mandolin or any instrument . learn tips from an experienced musician on how to play them in this free video clip .
how to serve spanish tapas ; learn more about making traditional spanish food in this free cooking video .
using raw egg , coriander , and spices learn to make a french toast sandwich in this free video clip series on indian cuisine .
do you want to be a music producer ? learn how to budget for recording music in a studio from our recording expert in this free video clip .
learn how to do a cross punch in jeet kune do in this free martial arts lesson video from a kung fu master .
retro 1970s clothing includes bell bottom jeans and jeans . learn about other popular clothing in the 1970s from a retro fashion specialist in this free fashion video .
learn about the home brewing stage for making absinthe in this free home brew video from our professional bartender and brewer of his own beers .
get rid of fish tank bubbles by switching to an electrical power filter or changing the water cartridge . find out how to get rid of bubbles in fish tanks with tips from the manager of a fish pet store in this free video on pet care .
the linear burn feature , in photoshop , is a great way to adjust your animated fire background . learn about this feature from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
zucchini and kyoto are two common types of squash . learn more about zucchini facts from an organic farmer in this free gardening video .
hagalla walk in egyptian belly dancing is a folkloric dance move with long , moving movements . dance the hagalla dance move in feng shui with tips from a dance instructor in this free belly dancing video .
tips for safely cleaning copper for etching . learn about cleaning copper in this free electronics video .
learn about pant length and petite women 's clothing in this free fashion , style and dress video .
success in non-verbal communication is measured by the words career , physical , emotional , financial , family and spiritual . learn how success is measured with tips from communications and public speaking in this free video on relationship advice .
being polite at the table involves not flirting with the dealer , being courteous and not throwing your cards at the dealer . learn about poker etiquette in this free video series that will have you behaving like a poker pro in no time .
a twenty minute cardio workout is complete with a running activity , light weights and jogging on the trail . do a 20 minute cardio exercise with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on exercise and fitness .
be ready for anything . learn how to prepare for a serve in doubles tennis in this free tennis lesson from a professional coach .
learn about ladders separating adjacent creatures in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
how to do scissor over comb for giving a man 's haircut with clippers ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
repair and assemble the parts of the hayward pool vac ultra . pool cleaning tips from an expert .
how to add clouds to a hand painted nail art beach scene ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
learn how to apply acrylic nails for a french manicure in this free online video on beauty salon treatments .
adjusting dynamics in fl studio is done using the encoders . adjust dynamics in the fl studio interface with the software tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
the whammy guitar effect is similar to an octaver in a high register . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
the two bar count is basically a wait two measures before it counts in recording . record properly with pro tools with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
when home schooling kids , make sure they are legally covered before going to school in this free home schooling video on education .
loosen lug nuts to take off a tire and jack the car up in order to take it off the ground ; learn this and more in this free online auto repair video series taught by an expert mechanic .
spring eye makeup is all about color ! learn how to apply a natural crease shade in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
for the orchestra , hand signals are very important . learn about hand signals for an orchestra with tips from an experienced conductor in this free music lesson video .
how to choose a bell african drum ; get professional tips and advice on playing traditional west african percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
place potter 's clay in the belly of the pot when throwing on the pottery wheel . throw a ceramic teapot belly with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn how to set up pumpkin spiced cupcakes in this free recipe dessert video on making pumpkin spice cupcakes .
learn about finance gadgets in igoogle in order to personalize your homepage with google gadgets with tips from a google products expert in this free internet software lesson video .
learn the four key elements to kayaking roll recovery in this free boating video lesson on kayaking and canoeing for beginners .
the f major lydian mode is a scale on the saxophone that begins on the fourth note of the f major scale . play this musical scale by listening to the tips from an experienced musician in this free video .
when massaging the gluteal muscles , warm up the warm-up in order to avoid tenderness . learn more about massaging and massaging from a masseur in this free massage video .
logic pro users can automate their loops using automated volume controls . automate loops using logic pro 8 software with the software tips in this free video on music production from a professional audio engineer .
learn how to do the 5th combination move from an expert in basic step aerobics in this free instructional video lesson on basic step aerobic exercise and routines .
when doing a back handspring in gymnastics , it 's important to practice with a spotter . learn to do back handsprings with tips from a gymnastics coach in this free gymnastics video .
learn how to do leg extensions for pole dancing and how to avoid injuries and increase the difficulty of your workout in this free fitness video on pole dancing exercises .
johannes brahms was one of the greatest music composers in history and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
potters open clay on the pottery wheel by pressing in and out of the clay . watch how to open clay to throw a ceramic vase in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
get tips for baking desserts and learn how to cut the top off of red velvet cake in this free recipe video .
 picaridin is a new insect repellent that is easy to avoid . learn tips on how to avoid alcohol when camping or hiking in this free outdoors video .
assemble an origami flower by glueing a glue stick , needle , wires and floral tape . learn more about paper forms for origami flowers from a professional artist in this free crafts video .
adding videos to myspace is easy with these tips , learn all about myspace accounts , profiles , videos , and photos in this free video .
perform the bo staff two-handed downward flower technique with both hands facing down the thumb to thumb grip shoulder width apart . get bo staff technique tips for doing a two-hander downward flower in this free video on bo staff techniques .
collages , when done correctly , can illustrate how to do just about anything . learn how yours can help you plan a future collage .
learn how to make the tinder for a sig sauer 226 9mm handgun in this free how-to video on starting a handgun fire in survival situations .
play along with the cycle of fourths to learn upright bass techniques . learn how to improve your technique and intonation with this acoustic bass lesson from an expert bass player .
a taorluath is a gaelic word that puts four notes in between two notes on the bagpipe chanter . learn the taorloath technique with tips from a bagpipe teacher in this free video on bagpipes .
use the five-note scale on two strings on upright bass . learn about playing upright bass scales in half position in this free stringed instrument video lesson from a music teacher .
keep looking back at your model and figure out what did you do n't do wrong in calligraphy . learn about mastering the letters of cursive italic hand paint in this free art video from a professional calligrapher .
practice slurring notes on upright bass in 4-4 time . learn how to play part five of `` scarborough fair '' on acoustic bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
painting a wall mural with pastels creates a separation between the mountains and water . learn how to paint a wall murals with tips from an art teacher in this free painting video .
organ percussion settings can be adjusted to create a more complex sound for a piece of music . adjust the percussion settings on a hammond b3 organ with the tips in this free video organ lesson from an experienced church organist .
pet care for a parrot by keeping the cage clean of food and water dish , cleaning the bottom of the cage and feeding properly with the pet . take care of parrots with tips from the owner of a pet pet store in this free video on pet care .
natural face paints can bring out your eyes ; get tips for applying natural face paints in this free video clip from professional makeup artist .
paper airplanes are simple origami projects that are fun and easy to make . make an origami paper airplane with folding instructions from a graphic artist in this free video on japanese origami .
a living trust is an instrument whereby beneficiaries transfer the management of their assets to a trustee for benefit of their benefit . create a living trust and avoid probate and estate taxes with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
learn how to play the diminished triad 's first inversion in this free video music series that will teach you how to utilize one of the essentials of mastering the piano - playing diminished chords .
learn tips for changing the power supply on your computer in this free video clip .
pay attention to the counter space when learning how to write lower case letters m through r in cursive italic calligraphy . learn how to practice writing lowercase letters m- through- r in this free art video from a professional calligrapher .
find your luggage , or luggage , while traveling in portugal ; learn how to say phrases for transportation , luggage , and baggage in portuguese in this free language lesson video from aportuguese language expert .
an earache can be alleviated through massage . discover how massage can help reduce earaches with tips from a childcare specialist in this free video on massage .
clean out the pantry and rid it of junk food . learn how to shop for healthy foods to improve your diet and nutrition in this free video .
overextending a calf stretch can strain your legs and hamstrings . learn how to properly stretch your calves from a martial arts training instructor in this free video .
pull the hips toward the rib cage when doing belly dancing double bump . learn drills to improve your belly dancing moves in this free belly dance lesson from a professional belly dancing performer and instructor .
learn how to make jewelry with telephone wire with expert wire jewelry making tips and advice in this free online crafting video clip .
learn how to cut the sides for a bookshelf from a carpentry expert in this free woodworking video .
using your hands to create the basic shape for your female bust sculpture and aesthetics ; learn tips , tricks and techniques for creating beautiful sculpture in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
training for an off-road triathlon should be done just like training for your triathlon ; learn how to train for the triathlon in this free sport competition video .
dairy goats come from many different backgrounds and need different breeding combinations . learn to raise dairy goats from an organic farmer in this free dairy farming video .
canned cat food is less likely to spoil or go bad during the course of a day . care for cats and kittens alike properly with tips from an experienced animal care giver in this free video clip on pet care tips .
there are seven hand positions on the violin neck each with it 's own specific qualities for each key . learn how to play the violin f major scale in the 2nd hand position from an experienced musician in these free violin lesson videos .
an antiques expert explains different shapes of antique pink luster in this free video on antique collecting and appraisal .
add ribbon to a bridal bouquet to make it look more elegant . learn how to add ribbon to wedding bouquets in this free floral arrangement video clip .
learn how to do a japanese shiatsu massage to the knee cap area to relieve stress and tension with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
wedging clay removes air bubbles before putting it in a kiln . learn how to wedge clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
fixing a slice in golf is easy with these tips , get expert advice on golfing skills and rules in this free video .
learn how to hit a fastball outside fastball in baseball with expert baseball tips in this free sports instruction video clip .
take care of whole grains ; explore hot cereals and healthy alternatives to oatmeal in this free video on whole grain cereal tips .
a panel interview is where several different people from a company are sitting together . learn about panel types when interviewing for a job in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
a wire basket is good for storing recycling in a pantry . learn about storing recycling when moving into a new kitchen with expert tips in this free instructional moving video .
becoming a police officer requires applicants for police academy , a reserve program and a variety of police officer career information . become a policeman with tips from an experienced police officer in this free law enforcement career video .
on the saxophone , an e flat minor scale has a dominant seventh chord . play an eb minor scale on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
learn how to calculate shingles for a gable roofing project in this free video .
learn how to form a b sound for ventriloquists with expert voice throwing tips from a professional comedian in this free online ventrililoquism lesson video clip .
blues drum beats are great for party setting . learn how to play a basic blues drum beat in this free video .
adjusting your balance when chipping a golf ball below your feet will subtract distance from your swing and subtract distance . learn some tips for contouring your stance when hitting from side hill lies with a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
you have to hear about these bizarre hollywood stories about bela lugosi . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
quiet pigs , do n't like a lot of commotion or fast movements , and they prefer to be pet quietly . raise healthy pigs with tips from a pig sanctuary in this free video on pig care .
a clarinet has a lot of key corks that are very important to the playability of your instrument . learn how to replace a clarinet key corork with tips from an instrument repair expert in this free clarinet maintenance video .
when making a calender , use tissue paper for the pictures . assemble a calendar with the crafts tips in this free video on calender gift projects from an arts and crafts teacher .
the bridge core exercise works glutes , abdominals and the lower back . learn how to do the bridge on a stability ball with tips from a professional trainer in this free exercise video .
in photoshop , add a filter to enhance the appearance of the contour text . learn more about filter styles and layering from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
decorate a large ceramic platter by compressing the clay to a cone shape . learn how to shape the clay with expert tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn how to make designs for decorative gourd art in this free online video arts and crafts lesson .
a cardio vascular training program should incorporate strength training to develop a good muscular base for burning calories . add intensity to cardio workouts with tips from a fitness director in this free video on cardio workouts .
learn how to mix the flour and butter for korean kimchi and more in this free online cooking video taught by an expert chef .
what are some external components for computer power supply ? learn in this free video .
repair and assemble the parts of the hayward pool vac ultra . pool cleaning tips from an expert .
regulator clocks were initially designed to be highly accurate clocks with certain characteristics that a watchmaker or clockmaker would use to regulate . learn what regulator clocks are in this free video on collecting antique connecticut clocks from an experienced antique clock collector .
watch how to play a basic drum beat that has steady quarter notes on the bass drum , or kick drum , for beats 1 , 2 and 4 , in this free beginners drum lesson video .
when painting a door , prepare by lightly sanding the door to remove bumps and grains before painting . prepare a door for painting with tips from a professional painter in this free video on home improvement .
learn how to cut egg for creole shrimp crab salad with expert cooking tips in this free creole cuisine video clip .
learn about journalism as a professional sports broadcaster with expert broadcasting tips in this free online sports journalism video clip .
for the back of t-shirts you can make it look like you are folding it . learn how to make messes in this free video about easy t-shirt designs .
how to create a tasseled wave hairstyle ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
when throwing nunchucks through your legs , be careful not to smack yourself in the groin . learn about nunchuck throwing with tips from a third-degree black belt in this free martial arts weapons video .
drum heads are tuned for snare drum clicks . learn how to tune a snare in this free video clip about how to play drums .
learn some basic boating safety tips before you go kayaking in a power boat in this free boating video on kayaking and canoeing for beginners .
when making a calender , use a calendar with red numbers for the days of the month . create a calendar for kids with the crafts tips in this free video on calender gift projects from an arts and crafts teacher .
learn how to do the broadsword flower wushu technique in this free kung fu video .
learn how to choose an even location for a beauty pageant and get professional tips and advice from an expert on how to organize and direct a successful pageant event in this free fashion video .
learn how to play the level rpd in call of duty 4 : modern warfare with expert tips , advice , and a detailed walk through in this free military video game video clip .
defending against a samurai sword strike is easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
work your core muscles with the knee to elbow plank abdominal exercise . learn how to do this advanced abdominal exercise in this free fitness video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
how to use some tips for tracing your silkscreening your own t-shirts ; get professional tips and advice on screen printing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free screen printing video .
in belly dancing , a reverse belly roll is done by sticking out the lower and upper abs . practice belly rolls in belly dancing with instructions from a dance director in this free video on belly dancing lessons .
shoulder , arm and foot placement are key jogging tips to maintain an efficient body form . discover more tips for jogging from a professional fitness trainer in this free video on running .
how to understand about root bulbs ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on picking , buying , and planting flower accessories in this free gardening video .
how to pick soil for house plant ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for indoor plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
learn how to do the hurdler stretch to help stretch your hamstrings with expert fitness tips from an experienced personal trainer in this free baby boomer health video clip .
laser hair removal is 98-99 percent to 99 percent permanent because the hair is permanently killed by the laser and then repeated treatments are required to get rid of the hair . consider laser hair removal only once or twice a year because changing hormones can create new hair follicles using advice from an aesthetician in this
pinot noir is one of the most versatile red wines that is suitable for a variety of food . learn how to pair pinot noiri food with wine from a professional writer , speaker and sommelier in this free wine video .
the back of the shower curtain is hard to clean because all the dirt and scum eat off dead skin cells . clean the back of a shower curtain with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
sculpture requires a variety of art tools . learn how to use the half round riffle rasp tool for plaster sculptures in this free art lesson video .
digital cameras may have battery problems . learn tips for fixing problems with a digital camera in this free video clip about taking professional digital pictures .
learn how to make cycling hard and fast uphill races in the sport of cycling in this free instructional video on bicycling or bike riding .
learn some great toppings for an easy pancake recipe in this free breakfast food cooking video .
plumerias are an easy plant to grow in your garden or home . learn all about plumeria plant care with gardening tips from a horticulturist in this free gardening video .
the back of a beach volleyball bikini fashion design can be racer-backed and sporty like a sports bra . learn to design beach volleyball beach sports bra bottoms with tips on lingerie designs from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
leopard geckos are very healthy . learn how to care for a leopard gecko in this free pet care video .
practice rhythm guitar with hammer ons and pull offs . learn to play rhythm guitar in b minor from a seasoned musician in this free rhythm guitar video .
the oblique muscles using free weights prevents injuries , increases mobility and strengthens the overall muscle . strengthen the oblique muscle with free weights with tips from a fitness director in this free exercising video .
learn to add props descriptions to the celtx screenwriting software project library in this free screenwriting video .
learn the basics of skiing from an expert ski instructor in this free step-by-step skiing video .
simple but effective basketball move . learn tips for dribbling ball between your legs in this free basketball lesson from an experienced player .
for a final collage piece , lay out layers from edge-to-edge on plexiglas and use fingers first . make layers of a preliminary collage with tips from a professional artist in this free video on arts and crafts .
stay in the baseball to hit a baseball . learn how to hit inside a baseball with swinging instructions in this free video lesson .
get the proper ingredients needed to make german potato pancakes ; learn more about traditional german food in this free cooking video .
learn some great practicing tips for the guitar scale in this free music video on how to approach and play different scales on guitar .
learn the basics of wushu kung fu in this free martial arts video .
use the gamut warning in photoshop cs3 to tell if your prints are oversaturated or over saturated . learn to use saturation levels in this free photoshop tutorial video .
back yoga postures are good for elongating the spine , moving the spine and twisting the spine . learn more about yoga back and spine postures with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
learn how to play guts poker in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
spring is the time for new life , new age and changes in the body . learn how to transition from winter to spring in this free health and fitness video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
you should almost always use all three rolls in `` ship , captain and crew . '' learn how to play kaput in this free gaming video .
ludwig van beethoven was one of the greatest music composers in history and this piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
trim the base of a large ceramic platter by using a potter 's knife . learn to trim a platter with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
defanging the snake is an attack that takes the fang of the snake out of play . learn how to strike an attacker who is striking you in this free video from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
learn how to close and close your decorative pillows and what that means in this free home decoration video on making and sewing pillows .
discover how to move squads in heroscape in this free video series that will show you how to play the basic version of the table top rpg heroscape game .
find out how to find a professional to apply makeup in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
moisturizers are important before skin surgery . learn what skin care products to use at home before surgery to prevent wrinkles with free video skin care tips from a licensed medical aesthetician .
learn how to do cramp rolls in advanced tap dancing with expert tap dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online advanced dance lesson and choreography video clip .
learn how to choose and buy foam core for mounting a photo in this free art collection and hobbies video .
when using a voltage meter , make sure to set up the voltage setting with a v , a low squiggly line and a c. learn more about voltage meters and precautions with tips from a general contractor in this free home maintenance video .
the background of a patch art design is the first thing created and the most important thing about the patch itself is the placement . design and create unique patch art with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
grip a screwball like a four seam fastball and place the thumb on the bottom seam . learn tips for gripping screwballs in this free video on baseball pitching techniques from a softball coach .
the double jump jump rope technique is a kickboxing technique that is great for improving endurance and jumping rope endurance . learn the double jump jumping rope technique in this free kickboxing fitness video .
maintain a fire extinguisher for maintenance by checking the locking pin , hose or nozzle assembly . learn what maintenance to look for when replacing fire extinguishers from a fire marshal in this free safety video .
place a ceramic teapot base on the pottery wheel by using a pin tool to center it . learn to center a clay pot on the wheel with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
how to plane end grain on a block plane ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on carpentry tools in this free home improvement video .
learn tips on how to write the word 'wool ' with the chinese radical of mouth in this free video clip on chinese characters and foreign languages .
mulch , fertilize , and fill soil with top soil . learn how to maintain japanese boxwoods in this free gardening video clip .
learn how to make henna embellished art with expert henna design tips in this free arts and crafts video clip .
get a walk-through of the flood in halo 3 with expert tips and advice on video games in this free xbox 360 instructional video .
doubling down in blackjack is a great way to double winnings . learn tips for double down in this free video clip about becoming a blackjack card dealer .
learn about blues chords in b flat on the flute from a professional flutist in this free music lesson video about musical instruments and music theory .
learn how to create a photo album in this free series of web site creation clips from our experienced internet consultant .
surprise and astound your friends with this fun bar trick called round in this free video clip .
to begin a sauteed lemon-lime shrimp recipe , mix vegetable stock with water . find out how to make stock with expert tips from a professional chef in this free video clip about easy shrimp recipes .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to remove pine needles from a pool screen enclosure in this free online video about home pool care .
in order to become a security officer in oregon there is a government branch called department of public safety standards and training . pass a test and pass a background check to get security officer licenses with tips from a former highway patrolman in this free video on security enforcement .
the expenses of a personal trainer vary on the type of business that the trainer is in . learn about trainer expenses with tips from an athletic trainer in this free video on personal training .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
learn how to properly wear snowballs gloves from a seasoned snowball engineer in this free video on snowballs .
upbow an upright bass in 4-4 time . learn how to play part five of `` auld lang syne '' on upright bass and basic scales in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
learn tips and techniques on how to roll challah dough with raisins in this free recipe video clip on bread baking .
see a fan chant in filipino dancing with this free video dance lesson .
a formal certificate of diamonds is a type of appraisal from the gemological institutes of the world . learn about formal certificates of diamonds in this free diamond video .
how to do the first clay pull for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
sitting in a horse saddle is similar to sitting in leather saddles . learn how to compare horse saddles in this free video about saddles for horseback riding .
make sure your sunglasses are symmetrical in fashion design . learn to design sunglasses for fashion croquis from a designer in this free fashion illustration video .
deleting e-mail messages from microsoft outlook is done by right clicking on the `` e '' button , selecting the `` ex '' button and deleting the item that is no longer needed . keep an inbox as clean as possible by removing e-mails with tips from an internet business consultant in this free video
it 's important to keep your waxing area clean and sanitary . learn about body waxing sanitation in this free waxing and grooming video from a licensed esthetician .
yoga is a great exercise for upper body strength . learn more about how yoga is used to strengthen the upper body with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
off-track betting in otb is different from betting on live tracks . learn about off-track horse betting and how it works in this free otb video from a mutual teller .
learn what materials you will need to build your basement in this free home improvement video .
add a favorites list on internet explorer in microsoft windows by clicking on the start menu and selecting the favorites tab to make a new favorites list . learn more about adding a favorites page on the internet explorer program with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on microsoft desktop .
to play rock patterns on base drum , learn one and two , three and four count on a one-and-two , four count . practice playing rock beats on the base drum with expert tips from a professional drummer in this free video about rocking a base drum .
charles de beriot ii was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
sake is not a distilled beverage and does not drink piping hot from small cups . find out about the history of sake in this free video sake guide from a master sake sommelier .
finding and fitting a bra can be difficult . get tips for finding and fitting your bra in this free video on women 's lingerie .
every bass bow is as big as a violin bow . learn about the different parts of a bass bow in this free music lesson video from a music teacher .
so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on accessories you can use for your guitar .
finding the right memory for a computer is done by logging on to dell 's web site to download the drivers and files . find out the correct memory with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computers .
the best sunreens for oily skin are ones that are completely oil-free , which has a high spf and has a natural oil absorbing properties , and moisturizing products that have a hydrating properties . avoid putting on sunscreen on oily skin with advice from a makeup artist in this free video on applying makeup
learn how to correctly space the seeds for a home or backyard vegetable garden in this free organic gardening video . get beginner gardening tips & ideas .
get expert tips and advice on basketball drills , skills , and rules in this free training video .
learn the rib cage breathing technique in this free video on zen yoga .
learn how to cut a bi-fold door from a professional contractor in this free video on home remodeling and construction .
organize internet bookmarks by organizing the individual pages on a computer into a folder that holds the address of the user . learn how to organize a variety of bookmarks easily and quickly with tips from an internet guru in this free video on how to use internet browser features .
applying a wood scratch finish is the first step in fixing damaged or broken nails . find out how to rub scratches in wood furniture in this free video .
learn about tzatziki in greek food and how it 's an anti-inflammatory with expert cooking tips in this free greek video clip .
the c sharp minor scale on saxophone extracted from the e major scale has only four sharps . play an e sharp minor pentatonic scale on the saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
there are countless tap dance moves and combinations . learn how to do a 'heel step ' tap dance move from our expert dancer in this free video clip on beginning tap dancing .
learn tips on what the spinnaker release is and how to use it in a dogsled race in this free instructional video clip about the dogsled racing race in iditarod .
when practicing bo staff techniques , keep the shoulders relaxed and relaxed to perform an overhead strike . practice overhead strikes with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on the bo staff .
watch as a seasoned diyer demonstrates how to effectively remove solder from pipes before sweating ( joining and soldering ) them in this free online video about home repair .
learn how to read oracle tarot cards from a professional tarot reader in this free fortune-telling video .
identifying objects with pictures is a classic montessori activity . learn how to play the matching object game in this free educational video clip about montessorian math methods .
eating wholesome organic foods promote healthy eating . learn how to shop for healthy foods to improve your diet and nutrition in this free video .
learn how to do a kinesis system handle exercise with two separate handles from a professional personal trainer in this free fitness video on functional exercise training with the kinesit system .
learn how to use the coluzzle pattern for scrapbooks in this free arts and crafts video series taught by a scrapbooking expert .
learn about the main referee in soccer and what he or she does in this free how-to video on the basics and rules of soccer .
get a nice layer of sand on into your rock garden and start spreading it across . learn how to make a chinese rock garden in this free crafts video .
clay slab rolling is a great way to prepare your clay for a slab . learn tips on how this is done from a clay expert in this free video clip .
learn how to read the second part of the song `` utgar 's rage '' in heroscape in this free video series that will show you how to play the basic version of the table top rpg heroscape game .
when buying a garden hose , decide on the size and maneuverability of the hoses and whether they need to be half inch or five eighths inches . buy the right garden hose with tips from a landscaper in this free video on gardening and lawn care .
learn how to cook your mac and cheese filling in the oven from our expert in this free italian recipe video on making chicken and rice with dump cake .
learn how to serve orange honey glazed chicken wings in this free online video cooking lesson .
how to decorate a baby stroller display ; learn more about decorating your kitchen in this free instructional video .
learn how to play fall out boy 's 'sugar we 're going down ' and other popular songs in this free video clip series that will have you playing everyone 's favorite songs on guitar in no time .
learn how to use the pool in cubase music recording software in this free online video tutorial .
pet turtles make great exotic pets . learn to care for pet turtles with tips from the owner of a reptile store in this free pet care video .
growing lampranthus flowers is done by planting them in different conditions , such as hot sun or ground cover , and by covering the ground with a sheet of soil . grow lampnarthus flowers with tips from a sustainable gardener in this free video on gardening .
learn from our expert chef how to cook chicken wings in this free recipe video about making chicken wings .
most aquatic turtles like eating plants , water plants that grow in the wild and streams and ponds . explore the aquatic turtle 's diet with tips from a reptile specialist in this free video on turtle care .
learn how to cut chocolate for cookies from an expert baker in this free recipe video about how to make delicious peanut butter chocolate cookies .
learn how to cut tofu for easy korean soon tobu ji gae in this free cooking video .
learn tips on what the offensive line does during a reverse trick play in this free video clip on american football .
the wood block is a classical instrument that has a resonating chamber to resonate . learn more about the wood block and percussion instruments from a professional musician in this free music lesson video .
how to make markers out of watercolors and different textures ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson on video about art projects for kids taught by expert pamela grier .
in math , a proportion is an equation that says two ratios are equal . solve math proportions with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
learn all about the different types of winter floor mats to use to winterize your car , extend its life , and improve safety in this free vehicle maintenance and safety video .
in knitting , the cast on method is a short tail stitch . cast on in knitting with tips from a knitting teacher in this free video on yarn crafts .
hearing aid technology has changed dramatically over the past few years . learn the benefits of analog hearing aids from an audiologist in this free health video .
get tips for making the lemon zest for your tomato and feta salad in this free video recipe .
in fashion design , a rounded chelsea collar design should be longer in length and shorter than a wing chella collar . learn to draw rounded chelisea collar designs with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
help the kids decorate the back of a window valentine 's day craft project with the craft tips in this free craft video .
learn how to make a handmade congratulations card and more in this free arts and crafts video taught by an expert .
taping cables down for a multimedia presentation is extremely important for the safety of the audience . tape cables down with tips from a multimedia technology expert in this free technology video .
get to know the cucumber topping for tomato and feta salad ; learn more about traditional middle eastern food in this free cooking video .
losing up to five pounds in five days is safe with an increased water intake and increased movement . lose weight safely with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
when elevating a car for a tire rotation , place the jack under a sturdy place in the center of the vehicle and lower it to the back of the car . lift a car jack with tips from an automotive repair specialist in this free video on car tires .
as soon as you put two pigments together you will have a somewhat duller pigment . learn how to make secondary colors from an art instructor in this free color theory video .
the albysjon is a mixed drink with vodka that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
learn all about negative car battery terminals to winterize your car , extend its life , and improve safety in this free vehicle maintenance and safety video .
how to use a sponge or wedge to apply makeup ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
learn how to serve your tiramisu dessert recipe from our expert in this free dessert recipe video on making a delicious tiramarisu .
filipino dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn tips on how to paint floating filipino music with this free video clip .
improv games such as beatnik poet are great for stretching your imagination and comedy skills . here is a great game to play not only to practice your reaction skills but also to entertain audiences .
add decorations to make your gothic bracelet unique and unique ; learn more about making bracelets in this free video series .
learn how to fold a homemade teddy bear in this free instructional video , including tips for folding clothes like shirts , jeans , dresses , skirts , sweaters and more .
be safe when diagnosing electronics . learn about safety precautions for vintage electronics in this free vintage electronics restoration video .
accordion is a card game that 's best beaten by experience . find out how to play accordion solitaire in this free video card game lesson from a professional card player .
before starting a window valance project , it 's important to mark the placement of the beads . mark the beads for valances with tips from a professional craftswoman in this free video about bead craft projects .
in tai chi , performing the yin and yang diagram is important for performing full and empty leg movements . practice this powerful energy transfer technique with tips from a professional feng shui instructor in this free martial arts video .
leopard handles basic mouse features very efficiently . learn how to use the mouse function in leopard from an apple computer specialist in this free computer software video .
learn how to design lines for a clay mosaic table in this free ceramics video lesson .
in kung fu , defend against the forward knife thrust by stepping out of the way and twisting the wrist . practice this self defense maneuver with tips from a professional kung pao instructor in this free martial arts video .
get an introduction about the parts of your razor scooter , including the handle bar and brake , in this free sports recreation video from our razor scootering expert .
there are dozens of ways to do a dm ( d minor ) guitar chord and even more ways to play harmony notes up and down the guitar neck . learn one specific way to play in the key of dm from a guitar expert in this free video clip .
learn what garden spades and shovels to use to transplant hostas in this free online instructional gardening video .
how to build the c major chord on the guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
how to use a bench grinder buffer wheel ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sharpening tools , shaping and polishing metal in this free instructional video .
snowboard jackets are the most important piece of snowboarding equipment . choose the right snowboard jacket with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free extreme sports video .
flux helps your sauder adhere to copper foil . learn how to make flux adhesion in this free video clip about using copper foiling for stained glass art .
drawing emo cartoons is similar to drawing normal cartoons , except that they are raw and disturbing without convention , instead of concentrating solely on the pictures . draw emo cartooning with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
learn what foods support your metabolism including fruits , vegetables and protein with expert health tips in this free online metabolism video clip .
fleece is a great material for creating your own bag . learn how to create your own masterpieces in this free video series that will have you mastering sewing projects in no time .
teach your kids how to kick multiple targets from outside position . learn how to apply the outside kick attack in this free video clip from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
samurai joint locks are easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai fighting techniques in this free video .
myalgia is a painful and painful condition for women because of hormone changes . learn how to care for this affliction with tips from an acupuncturist in this free traditional chinese medicine video .
part one on how to play holding patterns on church organ and keyboard ; get expert tips and instruction on playing organs and other musical instruments for church in this free music lesson video .
before scanning drawings for animation , scan them for the scanner . learn to scan scanned drawings for scanning and painting in this free flash tutorial from a professor in animation and interactive media .
the wheel pose , in yoga , is an excellent maneuver for relieving stress and opening the hips . learn more about the wheel pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free exercise video .
the dress of a job interview should show respect and consideration for the organization that you work for and the people you work on . learn about types of dress in job interviews in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
the standing lunge is a yoga exercise that stretches out the inner groin and hip girdle . execute the standing lungge with tips from a registered yoga instructor in this free video on yoga .
learn how to cut out snowmen chains for christmas in this free video clip about easy christmas crafts .
use transfer paper not to apply hair when oil painting the portrait of a girl . learn more about creating hair for a girl watercolor painting from a professional artist in this free painting video .
the cha cha cha steps are a great way to rock back and forth while doing basic cha cha dance steps . dance the cha cha shuffle with a demonstration from a professional ballroom dance instructor in this free video on dance .
learn how to store stuffed animals in this free video on baby toys and safety .
violins , just as many other instruments , can be played in any key or mode . learn from an expert violinist on how to play the b harmonic minor scale in this free video clip .
watch and learn some expert stilt jumping tips and techniques in this free circus tricks video on tips for using , owning , and jumping stilts .
how to select the right paint for making hand painted nail art ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
the d major , along with every other scale , has different modes which are determined by the starting and ending note played in the scale . learn how to play the fourth mode called the mixolydian mode from an expert violinist in this free video .
playing chromatics on the organ with hands and feet is a key part of improving organ skills for gospel music . play organ chromatics with hands as well as feet with music tips in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
how to dice peppers for a spanish omelette ; get expert tips and advice on making traditional cuban breakfast recipes in this free cooking video .
how to understand rhythm guitar chords and shapes ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
learn about what jewelry not to wear with a summer outfit in this free fashion video clip .
learn how to become a contortionist in this free online series of health fitness videos from our expert gymnast .
how to use watercolor painting techniques to compare and contrast portraits ; tips and techniques for how to begin painting with watercolors in this free online art video taught by expert larry dubitsky .
working the muscles in the upper back and neck is very important with hot stones . practice hot stone massage therapy with this free massage video .
how to create a mail merge document in microsoft word ; learn more about mail merge features in excel in this free instructional video .
regardless if you want to compete in the nhra car-racing event or go to a national event site and sign in and create a password . learn how from our professional driver in this free drag-riding video on nhra event registration .
children 's chiropractic adjustments are very good for them . learn more reasons for having chiropractics adjusted for kids in this free video on alternative medicine .
in order to get rid of blackheads , use hot compresses to open the pores and exfoliate the face regularly . eliminate blackheads with tips from a beauty editor in this free video on skin care products .
a diamond expert explains the different sizes of diamonds in this free video about diamond jewelry .
learn all about how to roller derby and where to play roller derby in this free instructional video on starting a roller derby team .
using excel forms is possible by going to the data menu , clicking on form and selecting the new data and putting in the new information along with the rca cables . add a new purchaser to an excel spreadsheet with tips from an experienced excel user in this free video on computer software .
there 's three flats b , e and a will all be flat notes . learn about upright bass major and relative minor scales in this free stringed instrument video on octave scales from a music teacher .
how to sharpen a chain saw ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on sharpening gardening tools in this free instructional video .
when throwing a hook in boxing , stay tight as the body is in the middle , and land the hook with power in the legs . throw a hook for boxing with tips from a boxing coach and trainer in this free instructional video on beginner boxing tips .
learn how to read the snap with expert tips and advice on playing the defensive tackle position in this free video clip on football .
learn how to use markers for valentine 's day cards and get professional tips and advice on making various crafts for your kids in this free video .
learn how to play seether 's 'broken ' and other popular songs in this free video clip series that will have you playing everyone 's favorite songs on guitar in no time .
be careful not to undo the first row in a double crochet . learn how to crochet a basket weave pattern in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .
relief printmaking with repeated pieces of wood will offer many options . learn more about reproductions with expertise from a professional artist in this free printmaking video .
children who have respect for campfires and who do n't like the smell of campfires are not the best match ; learn more about the dangers of camping in this free cold weather camping video guide .
when playing gospel music on the hammond organ , gospel licks are shorter versions of a scale . play organ gospel music licks with tips from an organ player in this free video music lesson .
foundation is the first step to building your sandcastle . learn tips for building a cone in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
after building the outer wall of a sand castle , the turret must be placed in place . learn how to build a sandcastle for playing paintball games in this free sports and recreation video .
vcr tapes should not be left on for 30 seconds and then professionally cleaned . clean vcr tapes with tips from a television technician in this free video on tv entertainment .
get instructions on how to massage a dog 's stomach and genital area in this free video .
fare tips for cheap travel tips from a professional traveler in this free travel advice video .
using a chair , learn how to do the sissy squat with overhead triceps extensions in this free exercise video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
a demonstration of basic strikes in thai boxing in this free martial arts video .
guidelines for backyard safety include keeping children safe from intruders . secure your backyard gates with tips from a parenting specialist in this free home safety video .
in feng shui design , the yin and yang principle are represented by tall , short , dark and ornate architectural elements . learn about these directional elements in architectural design with this free video from a leading feng chi practitioner .
the dinosaur with the very , very long neck . learn all about brontosaurus in this free dinosaur information video from a science expert .
for juggling four balls , a 6-3 site swaps have a high vertical throw with two low crosses underneath . perform a six-three site swap for juggling fourballs with tips from a juggling enthusiast in this free video on hobbies .
tone your biceps with resistance exercise bands ; learn resistance band exercises for upper body muscles in this free video .
learn how to properly clean and care for a baritone saxophone and get professional instruction for playing this versatile and beautiful instrument in this free music lesson video .
for people who work from home , dressing in clothes keeps them from having to deal with the responsibilities of the day at the office . dress in clothes to maximize productivity with tips from a freelance writer in this free video on working from home .
playing an isolated double drum beat on strokes three and four in an eight-count measure with the left hand creates a quick sense of 16th notes . play this isolated double-beat variation on a snare drum with tips and advice from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
a square right hand grip in golf is important for your accuracy and swing . try the free golf tip for having a better grip and swing in this video golf lesson .
get a conclusion to the sexy latin dance the cha cha from a professional dance coach in this free dance lesson video clip .
tapping an alliance in travian online is easy with these tips , get expert advice on video and computer games in this free video .
you want to avoid getting `` yes '' and `` no '' answers when interviewing the subject . learn video interview from an experienced interviewer in this free film production video .
adding an extra internal hard drive to a computer is a great way to free up space . add an extra hard drive with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computers .
learn how to use love coupons as a christmas gift for your boyfriend in this free video so that you take the guesswork out of office holiday party gift giving .
learn how to read home drug test instructions with expert medical tips in this free drug testing video clip .
how to cut the back for cutting and layering curly hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
add three points to 2d design to anchor perspective and add interest . learn to use three-point perspective in two-dimensional design from an artist in this free video art lesson .
teeth whitening impressions are often taken at dentist offices . find out how to fill teeth whitening trays at your dental office with dental office impressions in this free oral health video from a dentist .
learn how to build up a nitrogen cycle for goldfish in this free pet care video .
learn how to season garlic chicken ; learn tips , tricks , techniques and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert creole chef karl james .
master volume in garageband is the ability to set as many tracks as it wants . mix and edit musical tracks with this garageband feature as an experienced music producer shows how easy it is to use .
in djembe drum tying , knot number 25 is the second knot used to fasten the bottom ring of the drum . tie knots on the bottom of a drum for safety reasons with help from an instrument maker in this free video on woodworking and turntables .
learn some great tips on how to know what gluten is in bagels from our expert chef in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
over-the-head triceps stretches are a great way to warm up the shoulders . get tips on how to properly do over the head triceps exercises from a former professional athlete in this free video .
the best places to find shoes and clothing at cheap retail prices are by searching on the internet , including overstock dot com and zappos . shop at home for the best footwear and clothing with tips from an experienced retail shoe store manager in this free video on fashion .
trex had three horns and was one of the most prominent crustaceans . learn all about trex 's triceratops in this free dinosaur information video from a science expert .
looking for halloween crafts to do with your kids ? learn about making spider web table top decorations in this free video clip about children 's hallowseen party ideas .
indian food is full of interesting spices and flavors . learn how to add amchoor for indian potatoes , carrots & peas in this free recipe video .
everyone loves jackets ! learn how to pick clothing for your clothing in this free video series about how to build women 's clothing .
get a walkthrough of weaponry in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
splatter watercolor painting is a technique to splatter paint on a piece of plastic or junk mail . learn how to create a splatter shield for watercolor paintings in this free watercolor lesson video .
learn how to do shell trim on a layer cake and get expert tips on homemade baking recipes in this free cooking video .
three-card poker is a game in which each player is dealt three cards and tries to decide if they want to continue playing or fold . learn the three-card game , where the dealer has to qualify their cards , with instructions from an experienced card player in this free video on poker games .
make a rainbow with face paints by learning how to blend colors . learn how to paint a rainbow in this free video about face painting ideas and tips .
how to play quarter notes on the bass drum , or kick drum , on beats 1 and 2 ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
make your own t-shirt ! learn the ins and outs of tshirt designing in this free video clip about easy tshirt designs .
dry skin has numerous oil glands that are essential for preventing wrinkles . learn how to prevent dry skin with expert tips in this free wrinkle treatment and prevention video .
the revolved head-to-knee pose , in yoga , is a great exercise for stretching the body and relieving stress . learn more about how to find the proper way to perform this pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
concentrate on practical benefits of what you 're teaching . get tips on other ways of intercultural sensitivity from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
the downshift is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
it 's important , in kung fu , to keep your feet pointing in the same direction when performing the fighting stance . learn how to execute the proper fighting stance footwork from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
the bass is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn about the bass in this free video clip .
plant gift basket plants are very important to your gift basket . get tips for planting the plants in this free video clip about gift basket ideas .
get longer drives by practicing the swing ; try this golf tip to improve your drives and better your golf game in this free video golf lesson .
make your little girl 's basket special this year . learn how to add gifts to a basket in this free video about making personalized easter gift baskets for children .
learn step eight in the footwork dance in this free dance lesson video .
when in the hero yoga pose , keep your chin parallel to the ground . learn the yoga hero pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
when playing saxophone arpeggios in the key of b sharp , the triad of a sharp , a sharp and b flat is used . play scales on the saxophone with tips from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
handles of a cue ball have a tendency to flatten out . get expert tips and advice from a certified pool instructor in this free pool instructional video .
warm up for a race by doing short sprints in a small park . stretch out the body with tips from a former professional athlete in this free video on football .
a pedodontic dentist is a general dentist with a two-year specialty degree who concentrates on dental treatment for children . learn about the job of dentists in this free oral hygiene video from a dentist .
how to toast rice for indian potato masala ; learn more about making traditional indian food in this free cooking video .
watch as a seasoned expert provides carpet-cleaning tips in this free online video about professional carpet care .
belly dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn how to do t shirt arms in this free video clip on egyptian dancing .
learn tips on how to do stand up comedy with different improvisational games in this free video .
learn the chinese symbols for roam with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language specialist in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
bandannas can hang in the pocket easily with these tips . learn to fold bandannas in this free clothing care video from a wardrobe professional .
a variety of artist 's brushes come in a pack for about three dollars . learn how to make a sign base coat from a professional craftswoman in this free sign making video .
work your butt butt muscles with the one legged hops . learn how to do one leg hops in this free exercise video clip from a personal trainer .
you can repaint a belly cast even if it has been varnished ; learn how to cast a belly in this free video .
correct a cat 's behavior when they are urinating inappropriately by using a litter box and a food and water dish . avoid urinating in inappropriate spots on a cat with tips from an animal rescue volunteer in this free video on cat behavior .
cleaning up a clay pot on the pottery wheel is an old all-natural method of coping with seasonal allergies . clean up clay pottery with tips from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
watch and learn from our experts how to do some sit ups in this free health and fitness video on athletic strength training exercises for performance .
the california hurricane is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
learn how to color in a clamshell to repair a windshield with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
the flower pose in yoga is a balancing pose that involves reaching under the legs and balancing on the tail . learn about the flower pose and yoga from an instructor in this free yoga video .
string a tennis racket usually comes in a variety of types , including natural gut string , mono-filament polymer , poly-fil-ament strings and multi-string strings . discover the different types of tennis racket strings with information from a uspta certified tennis pro in this free video on tennis equipment .
learn how to flour chicken cacciatore and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert chef karl james .
the grip on a golf club is the only thing between you and your golf club . learn more about the grip in this free golfing instruction video .
chair dancing is a low impact form of exercise . learn how to lean and stretch in chair dancing with tips from a dance instructor in this free aerobic dance video .
get tips on how to play a basic drum beat that has bass drum , or kick drum , on beats 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 , in this free beginners drum lesson video .
music conductor 's main job is to interpret the music and to help the ensemble realize ideas for performance . learn more about music conducting and tips for conducting music in this free video series that will teach you all you need to know to become a great music conductor .
learn how to seal the picture from our expert on making a picture light switch cover in this free home decorating video making light switch plate covers .
the flamenco dance step uses different sounds with the feet to keep rhythm . learn how to do different steps in the dance routine in this free dance lesson video from an award-winning flamenca dancer .
when playing the saxophone , try to think about three sharps f , c and g . play a saxophone blues scale in the key of a with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
a cut-off tool is anything that can cut off something with human power . find out more about cutting-off tools from a woodturning expert in this free crafts video .
in order to buy music cds or cd 's , a person has to print out the physical data from them . print out music cd data with tips from a veteran hip-hop recording artist in this free video on the rap music industry .
how to sew patches onto the top of a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
magazine pages make a great paper source for gift wrapping . watch this free video clip and see how a gift wrapping expert does it .
cook spinach pakora with an indian snack in this free video clip .
the best sunscreen is any sunscreen that has a titanium dioxide zinc oxide base , and anyone with dry skin can use a solar defense booster or moisturizer to add an instant spf 30 barrier . choose the best sunscreen to protect the skin from sun irritation with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this free video on
how to understand where to find beaded jewelry ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by an expert .
get a smooth surface when trimming pottery candlesticks . learn how to trim the base of a clay candlestick in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
learn about how and when to fence in sabre fencing with expert fencing tips in this freere fencing video clip .
learn how to add a wall to a drawing , with tips on breaking the rules of perspective effectively , in this free video drawing lesson .
to change band saw blades , unplug the machine , remove the cover , screwdrivers and adjust the settings . keep a band saw operating safely and effectively with this free video from a professional contractor .
in order to change the mail notification sound in outlook , go to the `` sounds and audio devices '' section , select the `` new '' sound and click on the `` sound '' button . change the sound of a computer outlook session with tips from an internet business consultant in this free video on internet tools .
water bottles are a great item to use for triceps kickbacks . learn how to use water bottles for this exercise from a professional personal trainer in this free fitness video .
 birthday cards come every year and are fun and easy to make . make a handmade birthday card with a scrapbooking craftswoman in this free video on gifts and crafts .
fifa 08 '' has sponsors that come with the game . get expert tips and advice on gaming and video games in this free video .
learn how to add the flour and wine to your beef stroganoff from our expert in this free recipe video on learning how to make your own beef and scallops .
cure your slice by watching your golf club head ; learn pro golf tips for fixing , curing a slice in this free golf lesson video .
cut a slipknot scarf about three inches away before wrapping it . learn more tips for ending a scarf with tips from a craft expert in this free crochet video .
how to cut spring onions ; learn more about green , yellow , and spring onions in this free cooking video .
what are the rules and structures of improv ? learn tips and techniques for improv class in this free video .
a single con panna is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
learn the upward plank pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
aces can be played high or low . learn how to play aces solitaire in this free gaming video .
the diamond step in belly dancing is a jazzy step . learn the diamond step with tips from a professional dancer in this free dance lesson video .
to do a wheelchair wheelie or hip hop move , let the friend get comfortable before trying to move both hands back and forth on the ground . learn how in this free wheelchair tricks and stunts video lesson .
learn how to bake this homemade leek soup recipe in this free video clip .
slur those notes in one bow on upright bass . learn about shifting finger pattern 3a on the d string in this free upright bass video from a music teacher .
how to blow dry hair before highlighting ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
take your pins out before you get to them and do not sew across the pins because that can ruin your machine . learn how to hand sew pocket jewelry from a professional seamstress in this free crafts video .
how to water the bulbs when planting them in a raised garden bed ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own plants and herbs in this free gardening video .
add depth to a bowl in watercolor painting by adding a stain . learn how to add depth with expert tips from an art teacher in this free painting video .
people forget how easy it is to grow rhubarb . farm and care for plants correctly and safely with these spring gardening preparation tips from an experienced farmer in this free video .
direction in a two-dimensional design create imaginary lines to move the viewer around the field . createdirection with tips from an artist in this free design video .
facial scrubs should be used no more than three times per week , as the scrub removes makeup and exfoliates the skin . learn more about using facial scrubs with tips from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
learn where to return a tennis serve in this free video clip on tennis tips and techniques .
learn how to do beekeeping hand motions and where the bees come from in this free apiary video .
four-channel amplifiers give more volume to your car stereo system . learn tips for picking out the ideal car stereo amplifier in this free auto electronics video .
do you want to be a drummer ? watch this free video clip on press rolls and let our expert help get you there .
the outside turn bachata dance steps can be done in either direction or both directions . learn how to do outside turns in bachara dancing with tips from a professional dance instructor in this free dance lesson video .
learn how to color designs on gourds for decorative gourd art in this free online video arts and crafts lesson .
finding the ip address of a computer in microsoft windows is done by clicking on the start menu to gain access to the router and determine the ip configuration . get the correct ip address for a pc with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on microsoftwindows .
the kung fu straight blast or chain punch is a good way to get off of an opponent for the beginning of a fight . learn the straight blast and chain punch from a professional martial artist in this free video .
add weight to your lateral raises if you are in the gym or at home . learn the sissy squat with single arm lateral raises exercise from a personal trainer in this free fitness video .
to french braid short hair , divide the hair into small sections , divide each strand into smaller sections and start french braiding each strand at the back of the head . get shorter hair that has a lot of fly aways and wrinkles with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair
how to understand the basics of using a block plane ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on carpentry tools in this free home improvement video .
a side foot movement added to belly dancing shimmies creates a flirtatious hip movement . add side foot movements to a shimmy with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
sixteenth notes are a great way to get 1/8 note drumming practice with expert tips and advice on reading drum music and beats in this free video .
make old office furniture look new ! learn how to drill counter sink hole in chair in this free woodworking video from a furniture restoration expert .
wrist stretches are a great yoga treatment for people with carpel tunnel syndrome or other aches and pains . learn how to stretch the wrists with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
for the cardboard model car , outlining around the hood and headlights is a great way to make it look more authentic . outline the outline for cardboard model cars with tips from an experienced crafter in this free video on arts and crafts .
play the snare drum in rock music with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on music theory .
firefighters don a scba by reaching down and grabbing the top of the shoulder straps with thumbs facing each other . learn how to don scba ( self-contained breathing apparatus ) with tips from a fire captain in this free firefighting video .
the golf shaft is a key part of a golf set . learn about different types of golf shafts in this free video about golf equipment and supplies .
the morse code on a telegraph uses the simple principal of negative and positive charges , a battery and electro-magnetic wave to communicate over long distances . learn how to understand morse codes on alegraph with tips from a science teacher in this free video on a fundamental physics lesson .
fitting a british slip dog lead is easier for owners who do n't use them on a regular basis . find out how to fit a feline slip lead with tips from a dog trainer in this free pet care video series .
when toning legs , add strengthening exercises to a regular routine and include a healthy diet . tone your legs with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on lower body exercises .
always start with a clean piece of glass when printing your contact sheets . learn how to develop your own contact sheets in this free darkroom tutorial from a professional photographer .
fan tan is when an opponent gets rid of their hand in fan tan . learn how to play fan tan poker in this free gaming video .
a high/low split works when a player with no cards higher than eight and no pairs is a high low . learn how to play skinny minnie poker in this free gaming video .
what are the nodes of a wooden flute ? learn about cutting flutes out of wood in this free wood carving video .
when working with photoshop , adjust the balance levels and dialog boxes to reflect the mood or tone of an image . adjust the color balance levels with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photoshop .
learn from our expert how to engage the low house and high house at the skeet field in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
how to understand the construction of a drum head ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
it 's important , in ice hockey , to cross your legs while skating forward and backwards . learn a good ice hockey stretch from a professional ice hockey player in this free sports video .
sleeping is extremely important on backpacking trips . learn how to pack a backpacking sleeping bag in this free backpacking video about how to prepare for a hike .
fax machines can be used to send and receive files , as well as set up different programs and settings . use a fax machine by building in the memory of the phone with information from a travel and car repair specialist in this free video on computers .
learn more about fishing hooks in this free instructional fishing video with pro fishing tips for kids .
the yoga hip opener twist is a restful pose that 's great for transitioning from the reclining supine sequence to resting and holding poses longer . learn supine yoga poses like hip opener and twist from a certified instructor in this free yoga video .
losing stomach weight is a combination of exercise with food and an increase in water intake . lose stomach weight with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
when waxing the upper lip , be careful not to apply too hot and apply the wax all the way down the lip . avoid irritation from irritation after waxing with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on personal grooming .
watch as an expert bachelor explains how to attract supermodels in this free online video filled with romance advice .
use white glue to apply the back layer of your decoupage . learn about gluing paper to a face mirror with expert tips in this free craft video .
using a santoku knife in a vegetable tray and how to slice tomatoes ; tips , tricks and more in this free online cooking video that will teach you about chef knives with tips from an expert .
learn how to stitch the opening when making a grocery sack holder with expert sewing tips from a seamstress in this free crafting video clip .
play straight fourth snare drum on all four coordinates with double back beat on two with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
roasted vegetables add flavor to a french chicken recipe . cut vegetables for french chicken with expert tips from a chef in this free recipe video .
buying a hermit crab involves having a chance to look at the colony and figuring out if the guy is active , inquisitive or active . purchase a healthy hermit crabs that are active and happy with insight from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
eyebrows are important in stage makeup to frame your face and pop out your eyes . learn how to apply fake eyebrows in this free makeup video about stage makeup techniques .
learn about strategy and strategies for playing games of tangram puzzles in this free video series that will teach you all you need to know to become a great tangram player .
how to compress clay for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
register for a child car seat in this free video on child safety seats .
for a ceramic tumbler set , tools such as sponges and wire will add character to the clay piece . learn to create tools for a ceramic mug with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
try the free golf tip for having a better grip and swing in this video golf lesson .
learn how to decide the ante for guts poker in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
using a theraband , in pilates , and keeping your shoulders locked is a great way to strengthen your arm and shoulder muscles . learn how to use theraband for your shoulder and back exercises from a professional pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
riding a snowmobile is easy if you follow a few etiquette tips . learn more about snowmobile riding from our snowmobiling expert in this free video .
the forward bend in vinyasa yoga is a very wide stance that opens up the hips . learn how to do the forward bend with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
when breathing in and out of the nose , the nostrils flare down and do n't take as deep breaths . learn vinyasa yoga and ujjayi breathing in this free yoga video lesson .
learn side bends aquatic arthritis exercise for arthritis shoulder pain treatment in this free aquatic treatment video .
when learning to ride motocross , take each obstacle down one at a time . learn how to take turns on a dirt bike with free video tips from a sponsored rider .
for your pilates single-leg circles , keep the navel scooped in towards the spine and long legs toward the ceiling . learn how to do a single leg circle for pilates in this free fitness video from a pilates instructor .
learn to play 12/8ths african drum patterns with conga on the ride cymbal . free video drum lessons featuring a professional drummer and drum teacher !
learn how to play dark chords on the bass guitar in this free video series that talks about the guitar and the different musical stylings it lends itself to .
adjust pitch of notes in fl studio . learn more about working with melodies in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
first theater audition ? get tips for picking the right monologue in this free video clip about how to audition with a monologue .
learn how to play a straight hand in baseball poker in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
learn where to buy wire jewelry with expert wire jewelry making tips and advice in this free online crafting video clip .
learn how to cut the pig skin for roast pig in a caja china box by watching this free cooking recipe video from our professional exotic cuisine chef .
use a detail brush in a watercolor windmill watercolor painting to add fine detail . learn more about detail brushes with expertise from an art teacher in this free painting video .
when playing the saxophone , the e flat major phryging mode is a scale that branches off the b scale . play the phrygian mode in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced music instructor in this free video saxophone lesson .
sensual massage epsom salt oil creates a sensual and luxurious experience . practice this soothing bath soak with tips from a crafts enthusiast in this free video on health and beauty .
drying an auto engine after a detail requires using high-pressure air gun to dry off the dirt and grime . dry a car motor with tips from a car detailing expert in this free video on car maintenance .
learn how to prepare and prepare carrots for a cheesy bean dip that a diabetic person would be able to eat and enjoy in this free video series .
when opening a paint can , first lift the paint can a little bit at a time to avoid putting too much pressure on one point on the can or shaping it to avoid deform the lip . use a heavy duty scrapper to get paint can top open with advice from a licensed remodeling contractor in this free video
pulling handles for a ceramic vase is best done with thin clay . learn how to pull ceramic handles with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn how to reverse a stripper deck in this free card trick video from our professional magician .
aikido is a martial art that uses the opponent 's momentum to defend against an attack and choke them . watch this free video clip as an aikido expert shows how to defend yourself against a front wrist choke .
learn how to use a hair bandana to style your hair with expert beauty tips in this free hair styling and accessories video clip .
a clove hitch knot is tied around a log , post or anchor . learn how to tie clovehitch knots for anchoring things in this free knot tying video from an eagle scout .
short form improv is scenes , stories , that are unrelated from each other . learn more about short form improv from an improv comedy expert in this free video .
smelling wine is the second step in smelling wine . get tips for identifying different wine flavors at the top of a wine glass in this free video from a wine sommelier .
learn how to finish a foot massage with expert tips on massages in this free online video clip .
decimal card layout is a good way to keep track of what comes next in a math game . learn about decimal card layout for math games in this free educational video about montessori math methods .
to care for a horse in a stable , make sure their stalls stay clean and dry , mucked out and dusted . learn more about horse stable care with tips from an equestrian team coach in this free video on horseback riding .
how to deep fry the spring rolls and serve them and learn this and more in this free online cooking video on asian food taught by an expert chef .
you can add water to your silk flower wall hanging by cutting a hole and attaching a bridge . learn how to make a silk flower bridge in this free floral arrangement video .
removing old nail polish is the first step to cleaning your feet before a foot massage . learn how to remove nail polish with tips from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
maintaining a bicycle chain starts with a master link plier , and then transfers the new chain through the pulleys of the derailleur and cog . choose the right new bicycle chain for your bike with tips from a bicycle specialist in this free video on buying bike chains .
get a feel for how much light is visible through a computer screen . learn about different types of computer screen scopes in this free photography video .
passing the ball from one side to the other is discussed in this free women 's lacrosse video lesson .
you want to give it a lot of reinforcement stitching to begin because that 's where the pocket will get most of its pressure and then sew right along the edge of the pocket . learn how to make a handbag from recycled jeans in this free fashion video .
the yoga hamstring stretch is a great warm up exercise for any yoga routine . learn how to do the hamstring stretch yoga pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
when choosing the right hair style for your face , pull hair back to take in an observation of your face shape . choose hair style with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
learn how to use the sliders technique for advanced rowing training in this free exercise video on using a rowing machine for health and fitness training .
learn about resources for home school geography with expert tips from an experienced teacher and home school authority in this free homeschooling video clip .
rotating wood on a wood turning project to match up the grain is an important step in making a pen . learn how to match wood grain with tips from an expert wood turner in this free video on wood crafts .
turning the inside of a bowl with a scraper is an easy way to finish the inside . learn how to turn a bowl from a woodturning expert in this free crafts series .
learn how to put the pieces of a spindly puzzle in this free video .
a turtle 's diet can include live fish , feeder fish or pelleted diets . learn the diet options of an aquatic turtle with tips from a pet store owner in this free video on turtles .
landing a double tuck jump is very beneficial for developing explosive power in your legs and ability to jump high . learn how to do kung fu double tucks jump exercises in this free video on martial arts jumping techniques .
applying conditioner is pretty much like applying shampoo and it 's important to completely saturate all the hair so hair can be in great condition . learn how to apply conditioner to hair with tips from a hairstylist in this free beauty guide video .
rice makes an excellent side for beer-steamed shrimp . learn to cook rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video about easy shrimp recipes .
learn how to play scales on the harmonica with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
learn the supplies you need to give a spa manicure in this free online instructional video series , including nail care tips and techniques .
there are three components that help to tone lower abs . use these exercises to stay healthy and fit . prevent injuries in the future with tips from a professional fitness instructor in this free video .
rewarding yourself in karate is called rondori and does n't pre-planned . learn how to do bow staffrondori in this free martial arts training video featuring a 4th degree black belt .
improve your bo staff skills by learning the helicopter spin technique in this free martial arts video .
in golf , the impact bag is a great tool for improving contact with the golf ball and keeping the hands ahead of the ball . use an impact bag to improve contact in golf with tips from a master golf instructor in this free video on golf .
learn how to beat egg whites to make striped christmas cookie rounds in this free baking video .
how to do part two of these double lift high hat drum exercises ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
learn how to shoot doubles from station two on the skeet field in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
there are two main schools of thought in acupuncture that deal with traditional chinese medicine and the five element theory . learn how to choose an acupuncturist from our medical expert in this free video .
how to add a snap to a wallet ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for making your own fingernails in this free instructional video .
use the old school yard game `` kitty wants a corner '' to break the ice with improv class . learn the icebreaker exercise from a professional instructor in this free arts and entertainment video .
a heart for valentine 's day is decorated with light pink paper for a more realistic display . make a heart for a loved one with tips from a crafts enthusiast in this free video on arts and crafts .
in kickboxing , ride the power of the punch by moving the head in the direction it 's going . take a punch with tips from a martial arts teacher in this free video on taking punches .
the asl language , also known as asl , is primarily used in america . learn the basics of american sign language in this free education video .
if you are sizing a gold ring up , you would be adding a piece of metal in it . learn how to properly measure metal for sizing in this free jewelry video .
how to frame a painting with color unity . learn how to paint a wall mural with colors in this free painting lesson from a professional artist .
having a good assortment of jump ropes will make a boxer 's workout easier . learn about equipment requirements for a boxing gym in this free video on training for boxers .
treat baggy eyes by massaging the area underneath the eyes to break up toxins and reduce the swelling . learn more about how to treat bagged eyes with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video about the basics of skin care .
motocross uses a unique motorcycle design to take on the roughest terrain possible . learn about the history of motocross in this free video about riding motorcycles .
when booking a train ticket from new york to albany , log onto the amtrak web site for interactive features and rates . purchase tickets online and view departure times and rates with tips from a full-service travel agent in this free video on train travel .
shoulder and tail bone pain is a common complaint among people who do not take proper yoga postures . learn how to correct this posture in this free fitness video .
it is important to be safe when riding motocross bikes . learn how to dress appropriately in this free video .
all flat irons are n't created equal , but each flat iron is not created equal . choose the right flat iron for hair with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
mantras are often used in yoga for meditation or for relaxation . learn how to use chants for yoga meditation with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
learn how to transition from c to d on an accordion in this free video series that will have you playing the accordion at your disposal in no time .
the childs pose is a yoga exercise that releases energy in the back of the body and releases stress and rejuvenates the body . perform this intricate exercise with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free video on yoga poses .
collard-picard champagne is composed of 80 percent meunier grapes that protects it from the very prevalent spring frost in the marne region . learn more about collard pard champagne with tips from a wine expert in this free champagne video .
how to play i major chords for jazz piano in the key of c major ; learn this and more in this free online video jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
get in a position to warm up for the synchronized swimming stroke . learn how to swim the stroke in this free swimming lesson video .
learn from our fitness expert some great tips on how to climb a rope for an undulation rope workout in this free health video on doing rope undulation workouts .
for shrimp with indian-spiced potatoes , if the potatoes do not cook evenly , then move on to the blender . blend the potato and salt for shrimp using indian food with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
learn about the super street car class in nhra racing with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free nhra sports video clip .
if you 're looking for a fun craft for your kids , learn how to make a beaded dragonfly in this free video clip about easy craft projects for kids .
the rounded rectangle tool in adobe photoshop actually creates a rectangle shape for an image or button in the program of any color that can be edited . learn some tips for using the round rectangle tool from a photoshop expert in this free design video .
in pro tools , set up the system preferences and arrange the dashboard in expos . set up a system setup in pro tools with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
detaching an old storm door to install a new storm door is done with nails put through the frame . detach a door using the storm door installation tips in this free video .
hitting a forehand volley in tennis is done when a player is blocking the ball on the forehand side . hit a tennis forehand with tips from a certified tennis pro in this free video on tennis .
learn about triangles and cut outs in barbu with expert tips and advice on barbu in this free video clip on music theory .
there is almost nothing you ca n't do to a picture in photoshop . learn how to adjust hue saturation layers in this free computer graphics tutorial from a photoshop professional .
most newer vehicles do n't have a distributor cap because they use a distributor-less ignition system . learn how to remove the distributor cap from a mechanic in this free automotive video .
learn when to start coloring your hair with expert hair color tips in this free hair styling video clip .
play , or walk measures five and five in a b major scale for advanced bass guitar ; learn how from our professional bass guitar player and composer in this free music instruction video
the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn a 1st degree a major scale arpeggios on it in this free video clip series .
learn how to use the myr enforcer artifact creature card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
learn how to do a kneeling bo staff form from our martial arts expert in this free weapons training video on doing advanced bo staff techniques .
learn how to poof the yeast and set them for homemade yeast rolls by watching this free recipe video clip .
when cleaning toilets , use a tooth brush to kill all bacteria from the hinges . disinfect the hinges and back of a bathroom with tips from a nanny in this free video on toilet cleaning .
when using a paint roller , make sure the roller is a quality product , use a little water and try to roll the paint in a criss cross pattern . use parallel strokes on a roller to get a smooth finish with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement and
learn from a successful gallery owner about creating a web site when starting and running your own art gallery in this free video lesson on the art business .
teaching a dog to sit in the box is a good way to establish boundaries . learn how to teach a parrot to sit from a professional dog trainer in this free pet training video .
when talking to a girl on the phone , try to be silent and let the girl tell her story before talking about what 's going on . talk to that girl in person , and do not talk about anything serious , with dating advice from a female dating coach in this free video on dating tips for guys .
a typical standard game of solitaire is four columns of cards . learn how to play fourteens solitaire in this free gaming video .
sharpening midi data and recorded data is a simple process in logic pro . master the midi editing interface of logic pro 8 with the software tips in this free video on music production from a professional audio engineer .
how to back comb for curling short hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
guide to inputs and outputs in peak pro . learn how to set up bias peak pro sound editing software in this free computer software tutorial from a musician with a home studio .
learn how to add to your drawing of simple objects and shapes , with tips on breaking the rules of perspective effectively , in this free video drawing lesson .
badger hair is created by sectioning the hair into squares , using a dread comb to comb the dread down the middle and applying some palm-rolling motions to get a more matted , matted look . create dreads , also known as dreadlocks , with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in
travel in style by wearing clothes that are comfortable and do n't look like you 're coming out of the house . dress in style to meet a lot of people at the airport using tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
learn how to frost a chocolate log recipe in this free cooking video on making a yule log dessert recipe for dinner and other holidays .
one-foot ice skating glides are a great beginning step for beginning ice skaters . learn how to do a one-foot glide in this free ice skating video lesson for ice skating beginners .
the bear claw horse stretch is often used to help a horse who is fitter or unsteady with their hind quarters . learn more about the bear claw dog stretch with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
learn how to shine men 's shoes by cleaning and polishing the shoes in this free footwear care and repair video by our expert shoe doctor .
 plotting your quilt on graph paper will give you a vision as you are putting the pieces together . learn how to plot your rag denim quilt out of graph paper in this free quilting lesson from an experienced quilter and sewing class instructor .
knobs are a great way to add handles to your clay bowl . learn how to add them to your bowl in this free art lesson video .
the flip flap is a sweet soccer move you can learn to get by the defender , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills and tricks in this free video .
learn how to clear the walls to prepare a room for painting in this free video from a professional painter .
learn how to give a man 's haircut with a razor with tips from a professional hair stylist in this free hair care video clip .
get a walkthrough of the guard in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
a career as a police officer will include concentration and good communication skills . get career information on joining the police force with tips from an experienced police officer in this free law enforcement career video .
get an introduction to making rock and gemstone jewelry in this free arts and crafts video lesson .
learn how to make a reverse layup with expert basketball tips in this free online sports instruction video clip .
learn how to do a spot lighting card with punches in this free video series on arts and crafts for children .
how to line bottoms for a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
what is your rhythm in boxing ? learn about practicing boxing techniques , punches , and jabs on a heavy bag in this free video on training for boxers .
fix your car yourself ! learn how to jack your car to change rear differential fluid in this free car repair video from an expert auto mechanic .
throwing off the hump is traditionally done on the pottery wheel head . learn about throwing off of the hump with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
find out how to remove old automotive carpet with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
how to use formulas in microsoft excel ; learn more about spreadsheet software in this free instructional video .
what type of dog is right for you ? learn about personal lifestyle before buying a dog in this free pet care video .
there are several methods for testing for hiv including home access and an fda approved test . learn how to take an hiv test at home in this free health video on the human immunodeficiency virus from a certified medical assistant .
oil your bicycle spokes to keep them lubricated and easy to adjust . learn how to oil bicycle spokes in this free video on bicycle maintenance .
learn how to simplify the drive train on your mountain bike in this free video series about biking and biking enthusiasts .
there are many different types of jeans to choose from ! find the perfect jean for body type with tips from an image consultant in this free video on jeans .
the biggest bacteria to keep out of a shower is on the shower curtain and floor . learn how to keep a shower mat clean without exposing bacteria in this free video on housekeeping .
learn how to iron a wedding dress with expert step-by-step instruction in this free clothes ironing video clip .
the double hand push hands tai chi exercise is one that focuses on pushing and folding the opponent 's body together . learn tips on how to practice this tumbling exercise from an expert in this free video clip .
tips for making indian cutlets . learn the recipe for making an indian snack in this free cooking video .
when playing the saxophone , the phrygian mode is a scale that begins on the third note of the d major scale . play this musical scale by listening to the tips from an experienced music instructor in this free video saxophone lesson .
learn how to manage programs at your health club or spa in this free health and fitness video clip .
what tools and supplies are needed to remove and replace a car radiator . learn what you will need to replace your radiator in these free auto repair video instructions .
the ca area 151 is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
learn how to identify a toilet break in this free do it yourself bathroom plumbing repair video .
learn how to cook korean kimchi with vegetables in this free cooking video clip .
painting a skull is a great way to add dimension to your subject when face painting . learn some tips for painting the skull in this free video clip about face painting ideas .
learn how to play `` rickity tickity '' in `` magic : the gathering '' in this free children 's rhyme video from an expert on playtime for kids .
learn a `` side stretch '' with small weights for your pilates routine in this free exercise video .
the velocity tool in pro tools can be used to change the velocity of midi tracks . edit music easily and quickly with a basic pro tools set up using tips from an experienced music engineer and producer in this free video .
a kimora submission move is a submission move that can be used in judo and jiu-jitsu . use kimoras in combat sports with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on mma and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
make sure you can see the stencil in both styles . learn how to make and use airbrush stencils in this free hobby video .
find out how to pick the best screen print paint in this free video clip on fashion tips .
giving all your chips on the flop , in omaha poker , is a good way to utilize this unique poker style . understand when to fold and when not to fold in this free video series that will have you playing like a pro in no time .
learn how to draw the design for your henna door hanger for the home in this free crafts video on making henna art designs for wood and paper .
painting rocks can add depth and interest to a snowscape watercolor painting . learn how to paint rocks in this free video .
how to rinse and dry your hands after washing ; get expert tips on homemade manicure recipes in this free beauty video .
learn from our expert rider how to do the counter arc move in barrel racing in this free instructional video on horse riding and rodeo barrel racing .
in djembe repair , make sure the drum is at equal distance from each other when tightening it . tighten djemi drum knots with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on djmbe drums repairs .
for soy and orange shrimp , add two cups of water and about six cups of stock . add stock for soy & orange shrimp with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
when playing the swing groove 13 drum beat , play the kick drum on the and of one in order to match up with the hi-hat . learn more about the swing rock drum beat variation with expert tips in this free drumming video .
in aikido the mune tsuki waza move is a head punch . learn how to defect this and use iriminage to trap your opponent 's mid level punch in this free video .
make a valentine 's day scrapbooking page ! learn tips for using foam for pictures in this free video clip about easy scrapbooks for children .
the tableau and waste pile are the basic elements of solitaire . learn how to play tripeaks solitaire in this free gaming video .
compressing the clay for a ceramic sake set eliminates s cracks . learn to compress clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
make your own handcrafted earrings . learn how to attach beads to the headpin in this free video clip about making jewelry with beads .
in order to view the lyrics on an ipod , click on itunes , type in the lyrics or click the scrubber feature to play the song . find out how to view ipod lyrics with tips from a computer consultant in this free video series on computer software .
learn how to attack and feint touch in sabre fencing with a demonstration of the false touch attack move in this free how to video lesson on sabre fencing attacks .
when drawing a comic figure of super heroes , have a series of pens to help with details such as a pencil and a smudge stick . gather supplies for drawing a superhero figure with the tips in this free video on comic illustration from an experienced graphic illustrator .
adding blog posts to your myspace page can be fun and easy , learn all about myspace accounts , profiles , videos , and photos in this free video .
in kung fu , timing is very important in order to master the double palm block , reverse punch and round kick fighting techniques . find out more about this fighting technique with tips from a black belt instructor in this free martial arts video .
for a push up glute lift combo exercise it is important to keep the body nice and flat and not force the curve in the spine . learn how to do this exercise combo in this free fitness video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
use glass containers to store dry food . learn how to organize dry food in a kitchen with expert tips in this free home organization video .
your core is vital in any workout . learn some great tips on how to stay centered during your upper body workouts in this free video .
ukulele tuning is very important and can be a pain to tune sometimes . learn how to tune a ukulele with tips tips from a ukiulele player in this free music lesson video .
to put on muscle mass fast , a good diet and a consistent diet provide lots of fuel . build muscle mass quickly with tips from a fitness director in this free video on muscle building and free weights .
a walking step will distract the audience from the podium when delivering a great speech . use proper body language with tips from a communications specialist in this free public speaking video .
a camisole is the most important piece to wear under your work clothes . learn how to pick out a women 's cuban dress shirt in this free fashion video .
learn how to move the chanter in and out in this free video series that will show you everything you need to know about playing the bagpipe .
your sandcastle should n't be too close to the water or hard to pack . learn how to choose a sandcastle location in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
consult your breast reduction surgeon about discomfort and breast size expectations . learn about breast reduction expectations from an accomplished plastic surgeon in this free cosmetic surgery video .
scuba diving is a very dangerous sport . learn tips on how to navigate underwater and use a lubber line to navigate in this free video clip on scuba diving .
learn how to choose the right torque for your tool box in this free educational video series .
use sterile soil for outdoor growing , or try placing it in an oven to get rid of fungus . learn how to use sterile soil to transplant greens from an organic farmer in this free gardening video .
it 's important to shuffle feet when guarding a layup in basketball . defend against layups with tips from an experienced basketball player in this free video on basketball defense .
get a restraining order by contacting the police or the local court 's office to file necessary paperwork and to avoid unnecessary paperwork . get restraining orders and learn important information regarding the harassing situation with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
find out what ticks are and how they apply after vertical lines in chinese calligraphy in this free video clip on languages and writing .
removing yam chips from the oven and letting them cool in the bag ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video about french food taught by a culinary expert .
learn how to iron the inside of the chair , plus expert tips and advice on chair maintenance and outdoor appliances in this free video .
how to play riff 20 for playing blues guitar in a ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
learn how to put on a mountain bike helmet in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable mountain biker .
pinning the front of a drawstring skirt gives the seam a chance to make adjustments and look the same . learn how to pin a skirt with tips from a professional seamstress in this free sewing video .
explore manual aperture settings ; learn how to use camera lenses for manual and digital cameras in this free video on photography and camera ownership .
learn how to do a hook kick , or spinning wheel kick , from our expert in martial arts in this free martial arts video on practicing and doing hook kicks .
a triceps press with free weights is a great workout for the triceps . see how to do triceps presses in this free dumbbell exercise video .
learn how to stamp love on the bottom of an embossed valentine 's day card with expert tips in this free craft video .
pro tool is in almost every big studio in the world . learn how to adjust audio tracks in pro tools in this free video series .
learn how to add new applications to a soft modded xbox with expert tips and advice on xbox video games in this free computer gaming video clip .
do n't forget your eyebrows ! learn how to fill in your eyebrows with eyebrow powder in this free makeup video clip from a professional makeup artist .
recognizing the signs of an abusive relationship is the best way to avoid it , and it is possible to avoid a situation that is abusive . recognize the danger signs to avoid abusive relationships with tips from a relationship author and talk show host in this free video on relationships .
installing windows on linux is done by using a program called wine , which is a windows emulator for linux that is available for download in the internet repositories . put windows on a computer with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
yoga is a great way to get a good back workout and certain exercises are great for attacking that trouble ares . learn tips on how to do this pose correctly from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
using the mills of wood turning with another tool like the 180 grit is a very specific and powerful workout . practice your latin groove with a wood turning expert in this free video clip .
learn how to place the napkins for a christmas dinner party in this free holiday etiquette video from a catering expert .
increase your sign language vocabulary by learning the signs for movies . learn more about how to sign movie words in american sign language with tips from a deaf signing expert in this free sign language video .
how to play chorus 1 , lick 15 for `` natural d blues '' by wes montgomery on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing blues guitar in this free music lesson video .
the lateral step is a functional movement that helps to gain more strength and control through the feet and ankles . learn how to properly do the lateral step in this free functional movement workout video .
see an example of an african influenced pillow ; all this and more in this free online educational series of arts and crafts videos taught by design expert denise robinson .
looking for self defense techniques ? learn how to strike an attacker who holds you down in this free video from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
 charger plates are traditionally used for dinnerware . find out what pottery tools you need to make a charger plate with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
what is puff paint and how is it used to create a stained-glass look ? learn about working with stained glass in this free video .
learn how to select your pockets for your mummy halloween costume in this free costume video .
what are some of the main causes of food poisoning ? learn about the symptoms and signs for food poisoning in this poison prevention video from a medical professional .
use a larger brush when watercolor painting an orchid in order to get a more clean appearance . learn more about cleaning watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
file a mechanics lien by state-by-state and by hiring an attorney to fill out the proper forms . get legal help for a mechanics liien with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
the pro tools input and output settings are available for any device . learn how to use the output and output setup features of pro tools in this free music recording software video from a professional musician .
to apply foundation for african american face makeup , choose a foundation that blends around the jaw line , nose , cheeks and forehead . find out how to apply foundation with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video about the basics of skin care .
moving the hips in the big pigeon pose in vinyasa yoga is important for aligning the body and stretching . learn how to move your hips in this free yoga video lesson .
use environmentally friendly sinkers that do not contain lead . learn more about ice fishing bait in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . learn how to get in shape with side lying exercises in this free video on core body exercises .
if you tangle up your legs in judo , you have five seconds to have your opponent escape or the referee 's going to lift you back up into the ground . escape from a technical judo match with tips from a martial arts specialist in this free video on mma .
the cuddle turn bachata dance steps are basically an inside turn on the other hand . learn how to do cuddles on the dance floor with tips from a professional dance instructor in this free dance lesson video .
are you an ocean surfboard enthusiast ? here is a great free video about how to choose the right surfboard glass for you .
turtle feeding habits vary depending on the species . so , give your turtle some food . learn turtle feeding habits with tips from the owner of a reptile store in this free pet care video .
yoga knee and ankle stretches are a great warm up stretch for any yoga routine . learn tips on how to do this pose correctly from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
learn from our expert about the types of cleaners and how to use them properly in this free how-to video on cleaning a microwave .
acrylic plastic can be cut with a fine-toothed handsaw , a saw saw , a scroll saw or a table saw to get the best results with the plastic . cut plastic onto a board or piece of furniture with instructions from an experienced builder and home repair specialist in this free video on carpentry
mix oil and gas for a four-cycle engine by mixing them in the cylinder before putting the oil in the gas tank . mix gas and oil with tips from a mechanic in this free video on car maintenance .
test the broadband speed of a mac computer by hitting tcpitstop.com to measure bandwidth . get avg broadband speeds for a mac with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computer networking .
 aboriginal players have a habit of incorporating animal sounds into how they play the native american flute . play flute animal sounds and harmonies with the music tips in this free music lesson video from a professional flute player .
cartooning tutorials . learn how to draw mouths on cartoon villains and monsters in this free video on cartooning and drawing bad guys .
when writing a punchline for a comedy audience , find an observational comedian , a story comedian or prop comedian , and then personalize the punchline by personalizing it with personal anecdotes and stories . write the perfect punchline with an introduction from an experienced entertainment writer in this free video on comedy writing .
41 and one-up two-up siteswaps are helpful for learning four ball juggling . learn helpful four ball patterns with tips from a self-taught juggler in this free video on juggling .
in math , indirect proportion is when an increase in one quantity results in a decrease in another quantity . solve indirect proportion problems with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
the best fencing defense ... learn how to lateral parry in this free video on defense in foil fencing .
the dark banishing turn in `` magic the gathering '' takes effect and presents a stack full of options . learn how to play `` magicthe gathering '' and the rules for ending the game from a certified judge in this free magic cards video .
learn about the basic rules and strategies of 'the reach for the top ' paintball game anywhere in the world in this free video clip .
nothing says summer makeup like blush . learn how to apply blush in this free makeup video clip from a professional makeup artist .
learn how to fold tights to maximize space in your suitcase in this free traveling video on folding clothes in a suitcase .
instructions for painting a clay sculpture demonstration ; learn tips , tricks and techniques for creating beautiful sculpture in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
first theater audition ? get tips for picking the right monologue in this free video clip about how to audition with a monologue .
find out what ticks are and how they apply in chinese calligraphy in this free video clip on languages and writing .
try a laying close grip press for the triceps . learn how to strengthen and tone your triceps in this free training video on upper arm exercises .
make sure that the top velcro matches where you need it . learn how to make a wallet from a professional seamstress in this free crafts video .
clay slabs can be used to create many forms of handles and shapes . learn how to create a clay mug handle with tips from a pottery expert in this free craft video .
becoming a master gardener is mainly a educational and educational program that is sponsored by the washington state extension service . learn more about what it takes to become a gardener with information from a sustainable gardener in this free video on gardening .
bearded dragons generally eat live prey , such as crickets and meal worms . learn how to take care of a bearded dragon and reptiles in this free video tutorial on exotic pets .
a full back roll in yoga will stretch the back and back muscles . learn how to do a full yoga back roll with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
 trimming a belly cast can be done in small increments to keep the piece trim and flat ; learn how to cast a belly in this free video .
when installing a quill stem on your bike , apply grease to the steer tube to lubricate the stem and make sure the insertion line is set below the top . install a quad stem with tips from a bike mechanic in this free video on bicycles .
a snowboard can get dry and need to be waxed . learn why you should wax a snowboard in this free snowboarding video from a snowboarding professional .
learn how to gather and wash detergents when doing laundry , with tips to sort , wash , and dry clothes , in this free housekeeping video .
play sixteenth note triplet partial fills on the snare drum in 12/8 with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
how to play chorus 2 , lick 17 for `` natural d blues '' by wes montgomery on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing blues guitar in this free music lesson video .
get an introduction on how to treat headaches with expert medical tips in this free online headache relief video clip .
t ticks are commonly found in wilderness areas and grassy areas . remove ticks from under the skin with tips from a firefighter in this free first aid video .
mountain pose in yoga is the basis of all standing yoga postures . learn how to do the mountain yoga pose with a stability ball in this free fitness video from a certified yoga instructor .
learn about the bridge structure of a country song with expert tips and advice on country songwriting techniques and music lesson in this free video clip on guitars .
learn the proper hand position for operating a finishing sander in this free educational video series .
to configure microsoft mail on windows vista , click on the 'tools ' button , add an email account and then the `` accounts '' button to gain access to the server and download all of the e-mail messages . create and remove personal e-mails with tips from a software developer in this free video
learn how to reinstall the wheel to change car front brake pads with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
attach a dangle to your gothic bracelet with expert jewelry making tips in this free craft video .
learn how to make lemon zest pizzelle , a delicious french dessert , in this free easy dessert recipe on video .
a trailer roof clip will hold the trailer panels in place . learn how to mount panels to a trailer roof in this free trailer installation video from a professional electrician .
a snake sheds its skin the same way that people take their socks off ; by rolling the skin down and pulling it off the foot . learn how to remove a snake 's skin in this free video on snakes from a reptile specialist .
exunge a shoplifting conviction from your record by hiring a criminal lawyer that specializes in internet service or private law . get help expunging a theft conviction from a state or private service with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal self-help .
build your own bat house with these directions and plans . learn how to build a bat house in this free bat conservation video .
there are two channel faders , one turntable and one eq knobs . learn about each part of a dj scratching mixer from an experienced musician and music teacher in this free hip hop video .
critiquing your own art is an important step before trying to fine-tune it . analyze your own artwork with tips from an artist in this free art video .
qualifications for legal assistants are generally part education and part experience with an apprentice career . find out more about legal assistants with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
 undefined expectations in a relationship are important to learn about long-term relationships . learn to recognize undefined expectations from a communications expert in this free relationship video .
learn some tips on what to expect when building your basement in this free home improvement video .
stuffed vegetable recipes are both easy and delicious . learn how to cook stuffed tomatoes in this free cooking video .
use a block in yoga 's utthita hasta pose to practice poses without stretching the hips . practice yoga poses with blocks with an instructor in this free yoga video lesson .
there are laptops , tablets , and laptops . learn about equipment for a laptop computer in this free video on computer peripherals from a professional computer hardware trainer .
play drum doubles , doubles and paradiddles consecutively to improve drum skills . play flawless paradiddle drum beat grooves with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video .
swim goggles are usually rated for both indoor and outdoor swimming , with some swim goggles having anti- fog features and silicon gasket . swim with swim goggles that have uv protection using tips from the owner of a swimwear shop in this free video on swimming goggles .
learn how to keep your feet moving when running backs in american football in this free football video lesson on how to be a star running back .
the best cool , educational baby toys ! learn all about baby toys that help your baby develop skills in this free video clip on baby safety and baby learning toys .
learn how to improve your cheerleading footwork with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video on advanced cheerleading stunts .
how to add beans to cuban black bean soup ; learn more about traditional cuban and latin american food in this free cooking video .
get a walkthrough of guarding the hacienda in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
installing intake duct work and id plates is done prior to installing your alternator . learn how to install an alternator in these free auto repair video instructions featuring a certified mechanic .
growing black-eyed-susans requires a lot of sunlight , good drainage , and they like to grow in raised beds where they can not sit in a bog of water . get two to three sets of blooms per year with tips from a gardening specialist in this free video on plant and flower care .
using your palm as weapons is easy with these tips , get expert advice on martial arts and body conditioning in this free video .
how to put solution on the fingertip in contact lens use in this free eye care video .
pine cones are extremely easy to find for survival . learn about using pine cones for wilderness survival in this free outdoors video .
choosing where to fire your clay sculpture will determine how much it costs to work with the kiln . learn how to fire clay from an artist in this free sculpting video .
the california rattle snake is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
looking for fun improv comedy games ? learn how to play `` house '' improv comedy game in this free video on comedy acting .
learn more about raw food and how it relates to zen yoga with expert tips on mass propagation of food in this free alternative medicine video clip .
learn how to make an americano at home from our expert in this free drink recipe video on making gourmet tee and coffee drinks .
learn how to serve your completed gourmet coffee cake recipe from our expert in this free baking video on gourmet desserts and recipes .
are there rules in improv ? learn how to play improv games in this free video on theatre acting tips and techniques .
this yoga pose is also known as the revolved standing twist . learn how to move into the standing twist yoga pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
internet explorer as the default browser on a computer can be selected from the tools menu , internet options and then the programs tab . change a browser 's default browser to internet explorer easily with tips from an internet guru in this free video on how to use internet browser features .
the corner passing drill is a great way to work on hand-eye coordination and pass coverage . watch a basketball coach demonstrate corner passing drills in this free video series on football offense .
learn a variation on the dinner table magic trick in this free magic lesson video .
feeding mice and mouse to a sand boa is a good idea . learn how to properly feed a sand snake with expert tips on owning snakes in this free exotic pet care video .
learn how to apply cream for pageants with expert makeup tips in this free beauty video clip .
aikido is a martial art that uses the opponent 's center of gravity to defend against an attack . watch this free video clip as an aikido expert shows how to defend yourself against a yoko manucci wrist grab .
looking for chicken recipes ? learn how to make kiev in this free video clip about chicken kiev recipes .
checking the sail shape is easy with these tips . get expert advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
drawing a breast using a louvre crayon is best done by first determining where the facial features are going to be located . sketch out a breast on the body with tips from an experienced artist and art supply store employee in this free video on drawing .
learn how to make a super star birthday card from scratch in this free video on pop-up gifts and cards . .
learn the forward fold for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
learn how to iron pillowcases from an ironing expert in this free laundry care video .
calling shots in billiards is easy with these tips , get expert advice on pool and 8 ball in this free video .
to find an agent to promote a screenplay , find an authentically trained writer who can write and be ready to submit the script to smaller production companies or production companies . get a movie ready for production attention with advice from an independent filmmaker in this free video on the film industry .
learn how to add movie posters to your cozy corner by watching these free home decor videos from our budget interior design expert .
draw a portrait using basic shapes and pointers . learn how to draw a face with expert tips from an artist in this free drawing video .
get instructions for preparing the guajillo peppers for making pozole ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video about ethnic food taught by an expert in traditional mexican cuisine .
compare auto insurance policies to apples by sitting down with an agent and discussing the different carriers , policies and coverage options . find the best auto insurance policy in this free video from a licensed insurance agent about automobile insurance information .
the salary of a super model will vary depending on the market that the model is in , as new york city is a big model city , advertising can be up to $ 50,000 per hour and licensing is up to 45,000 a day . find out how much super models get paid with advice from
learn how to connect butt light sockets with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
reason 4 has many preferences such as cpu cap that can be used to limit the cpu usage of a computer . learn how to limit cpu usage in this free video on computer training .
select clothing colors that complement blonde hair and light eyes by picking outfits that are light with a scarf , light greens and reds to bring out the eyes . avoid all black and black clothing when selecting clothing for blonde hair or light eyes with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
tips for practicing medicine ball passing techniques in boxing . learn about medicine ball exercises for boxers in this free boxing workout video .
get the right shape for a clay sculpture after firing ; learn tips , tricks and techniques for sculpting in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor david a. clemen .
the overhead shoulder press into anterior pull-in exercise is a warm up that works all three heads of the shoulders , from the front to the middle and working the rotator cuff . do the overhead shoulder presses into anterior pulls-in with tips from an experienced fitness and exercise guru in this free video on exercising .
a flying jump in modern dance is a jump with bent legs bent . see a flying jump with tips from a professional dancer in this free modern dance video .
learn how to do the parsma bacasama side crane yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness lesson video .
get an explanation on how to play the fifteenth variation of an eighth note drum beat ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
being open and honest with your partner is one of the big break downs in romantic relationships . learn about talking in relationships with advice in this free video from an expert on interpersonal communications .
when performing a grind on a skateboard , the most important thing to learn is to drop in on a quarter pipe and balance in a 50/50 axle stall . practice the grind with tips from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
when attempting to date a gemini woman , understand that she is tall slender , articulate and very quick witted with intellectual stimulation . date a person who has the zodiac sign of gemini with tips from a professional astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
arm rotations are a good way to loosen up the muscles in your joints . learn how to do arm rotations for tai chi with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free warm up and stretching video .
crystal hookah comes in all shapes and sizes . buy a crystal hookah with tips from a hookah bar owner in this free video on hookah smoking .
knowing how to fertilize a house plant is important to their health and happiness . take care of your plants by fertilizing them with the gardening tips in this free video .
learn how to wear corsets to create a goth women 's look with expert makeup tips in this free goth fashion video clip .
learn when to replace a water filter in your refrigerator in this free home appliance video .
johannes brahms was one of the greatest music composers in history and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
learn how to create your leather working lacing in this free video series about leather working and its various techniques .
the b flat minor scale on saxophone is a scale that begins on the seventh note of the b flat major scale . play the minor scale in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced saxophone player in this free video music lesson .
the function of a spark plug in a car engine is to make the engine fire . learn about different types of spark plugs and how they work with tips from a mechanic in this free car maintenance video .
planning art time with kids is easy ; learn how to make a clay tree in this free online instructional arts and crafts video .
when making wooden baseball bats , the barrel and handle are determined by the player 's preference . make a wooden baseball bat with tips from a baseball instructor in this free video about playing baseball .
understand how kids spread germs with a fun experiment in 4 and five year olds with expert childcare tips in this free online healthy kids diet video clip .
learn how to use the geth 's grimoire artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
watch as an expert bachelor explains about the five basic rules for attracting women in this free online video filled with romance advice .
be the life of the party . learn how to make balloon heart in this free childrens party entertainment video from an expert on twisting and folding balloon animals .
a double vanilla latte is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on the instrument selection .
looking for a unique vegetarian recipe ? learn how to dice apples in this free cooking video about how to make chicken kiev with coconut apple chutney .
guitar soloing is an art form that can be approached in several ways . learn how to play percussive guitar strumming in this free video clip on musical instruments .
learn how to do the basic lead step for dancing the waltz in this free instructional dance video .
guided fantasy is a good way to overcome claustrophobia . learn about guided fantasy from a social worker in this free overcoming phobia video .
when saddling a bridle on a horse , put the rein over the horse 's head and hold the bridle under control . learn how to attach bridles to a horse with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
how to play bass harmonics on the piano , including techniques ; learn this and more in this free online piano lesson series taught by expert pianist and professional musician tony newton .
explore strobe lights in your photography ; learn about and how to use professional photography equipment in this free video on being a pro photographer .
the gait in hippotherapy varies depending on the patient 's needs . learn about gait with expert tips from an occupational therapist in this free medical treatment video .
when selling a junk car in indiana , empty the car of personal items and license plates , find a junkyard or recycling center on the internet , remove personal items from the vehicle and have the business help fill out the title transfer . have inoperable junk cars towed to scrap yards or junkyards
the mountain pose , in yoga , is the foundational pose for many standing postures . learn more about the mountain pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free exercise video .
learn about the hallucination of absinthe in this free home brew video from our professional bartender and brewer of his own beers .
learn how to add oil to the traditional korean dish kalbi with expert cooking tips in this free korean barbeque video clip .
learn how to make some shrimp stock for some stuffed mushrooms in this free recipe video on making a shrimp and ham stuffed mushrooms recipe .
in the corpse pose for yoga for seniors , use props and a blanket for support . learn the corpse yoga pose for seniors with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free video on yoga .
mark making with a burin for printmaking is a foundational step . learn to burin with tips from a printmaker in this free printmaking video series .
scales are very important to know for any mandolin player . learn tips on how to play the whole melody from a musician in this free video clip .
massage therapy can be performed to relieve the symptoms of bicep tendinitis . discover massage techniques to treat tendins with help from a massage therapist in this free video on bibliotherapy .
shadow boxing techniques such as speed and accuracy are good for improving fighting speed . learn how to shadow box for boxing in this free video on shadow boxing .
