learn tips on how and why to use color in your garden in this free video clip on perennial gardening .
learn how to pick the right stained-glass pattern for you in this free video series that will have you creating these unique stones in no time .
the melody to section a of `` beaumont rag '' is fun and simple to play on the mandolin . learn tips on how to play the first melody section of this song from a musician in this free video clip .
removing a facial scrub after an exfoliation treatment is important to achieve a smooth and soft surface . learn tips for removing face scrubs from an esthetician in this free spa treatment video .
aces up is not a winnable hand when the cards with the same ranking are locked under the king of hearts . learn how to play aces up solitaire in this free gaming video .
learn how permanent hair color works in this free hair care video clip on beauty and fashion .
learn how to toast eggplant to make a heart healthy eggplant sandwich in this free online video recipe .
are you interested in domino polka figure dancing ? see a demonstration of kneeling polka dance steps in this free dance lesson video .
an electric toothbrush has soft bristles that flex and bend with pressure to break up stains and debris , and it 's healthier for teeth by visiting a dentist to get more information on tooth health . discover more benefits of electric toothbrushes from a licensed dental assistant in this free video on dental hygiene .
find the notes for each upright bass chord by starting on c , d , e , f and g. learn about the upright bass scales in this free stringed instrument video lesson from a music teacher .
how to add lip gloss for applying makeup like the singer beyonce knowles ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
learn how to correctly and quickly read tremolo picking on guitar tabs in this free video series that will have you fluently reading guitar tab tabs in no time .
try to dry ceramic glaze test tiles before they are fired . learn how to finish glaze testing tiles with tips from a potter in this free ceramics video .
learn how to adjust the tune of your acoustic guitar to ensure that your instrument will remain in tune and play music beautifully in this free video series .
medical expenses are defined as expenses incurred in diagnosis , cure , mitigation , treatment or prevention of disease . get tips for understanding medical expenses in this free video clip about tax deductible items .
to date a libra woman , a man must realize that she is beautiful and high maintenance , and that she like being a lady in the living room and not sluts in the bedroom . date someone who has the zodiac sign of libra with tips from a professional astrologer in this free video on
learn how to prepare thyme for cajun ratatouille with expert cooking tips in this free recipe video on combining french and caju cuisine to make cajouille .
chi gong is a great exercise that can help reduce stress and tension in your joints . learn how to warm up your joints in this free exercise video clip .
women can use a back leg to strike an opponent in a boxing match . learn how to do a returning roundhouse kick in this free video on women 's kickboxing techniques .
learn about all the ingredients you 'll need for making authentic spicy acapulco chicken with expert tips on cooking seafood in this free recipe video on making your own caterer .
when repairing a guitar neck sometimes you must remove the neck to reset it . learn how you can easily do this in this free video clip .
when testing pool water , use a litmus strip to test the ph level of the water . learn about testing pools water levels with tips from a pool supply store manager in this free video on swimming pools .
when setting up glass etching stencils it is important to make sure the stencil is completely cover the glass . prepare a workspace for etching in this free video on how to etch glass from a crafts expert .
some piercings close up faster than others due to increased blood flow in the areas of the body , such as the lips , nose and navel piercing . learn the importance of getting a good deal of blood flow before getting a piercing in this free video from an experienced piercer on body modifications .
adjust depth of field and focal point for after effects ; learn how to use tools for adobe after effects software in this free video editing lesson from a film production professor .
when training for an off-road triathlon , practice static stretching after running and lifting to enhance recovery and build flexibility . stretch properly for a triathlon with tips from professional triathlete in this free iron man video .
load a lavender still by loading it with the lavender buds , adding purified water and then setting up a pool timer to ensure that all of the batches are consistent . learn more about how to load lavender barrels for distillation from a lav lavender-farm owner in this free video on lavender .
when creating a cartoon character , begin with the eyes to begin jotting down ideas , and work up ideas and ideas . draw cartoon characters with a demonstration from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
stretching before any tae kwon do program is very important . learn about stretching in this free martial arts video .
try to repair an inflatable sleeping pad that has holes . learn about sleeping pads and how to fix them in this free backpacking video about how to prepare for a hike .
how to finish making your sandwiches and get them ready to serve in this free alternative health video..
becoming a portrait photographer involves studying lighting and understanding how the sun reflects on the skin , and photographing different age groups and groups of people with different facial expressions . become a successful portrait photographer with information from a professional art and commercial photographer in this free video on photography .
wedding centerpiece ideas for a wedding vase are easy with sheet moss , candles and flowers . design a wedding centerpiece vase with tips from an event coordinator in this free wedding planning video .
lift the shoulders over the wrists to find a plank pose in yoga sun salutations . learn how to do the plank yoga pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
learn from our expert how to clean an espresso maker in this free drink recipe video on making your own espresso drinks .
get to know all about the different parts of the skateboard , including its deck , trucks and the axel , and how it handles handles and skates , in this free beginner skateboarding video lesson .
cross hatching is a drawing technique that creates shading with lines . create cross hatching with tips from an illustrator in this free video on drawing and caricature art lessons .
learn how to mix the chocolate chips when making gourmet chocolate chip cookies with expert baking tips in this free baking video on gourmet dessert recipes .
learn what signs tell you about deception and how to read body language in this free video on body language communication skills .
how to add flair to hair braids ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn how to prepare for paint in this free diy painting video .
keep your sandcastle built to last . learn how to keep the sand from crumbling in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
learn how to undo the bridle and put on a halter and how to tack up a horse in this free equestrian video on horse care and riding .
the single whip tai chi form is a great move to utilize in order to impress your friends . learn the single whip form from a tai chuan expert in this free martial arts video .
how to sharpen spiral metal drill bits ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on how to sharpening carpentry tools in this free instructional video .
learn how to set up an audio track with apple logic pro music software in this free video for artists , bands , and songwriters .
making the spout for a double-walled pottery teapot involves first centering it on the potter 's wheel and then cutting down the top to form a round top . learn how to form the top and bottom of a doublewalled vessel with help from a professional potter in this
here are some tips on how to start face painting yourself from our expert in this free crafts video .
clean kitchen and bathroom rugs with rubber , plastic or plastic rugs first by vacuum , shaking or sweep to remove all dirt and debris . then put them in a hot or cold cycle . become a better rug cleaner with tips from a professional house cleaner and organizer in this free video on housekeeping .
the tucked no-hander is a bmx trick that involves pinching the knees and pulling the arms forward to straighten out the body . learn more about the tucked nohander bmx maneuver from a professional bmx rider in this free biking video .
it 's important not to let your past dictate who you are as as you finish creating the final pages of your star book . learn how to make a star book from a veteran scrapbooker in this free video on arts and crafts .
connecticut antique clocks have gilded capitals and weights . learn about connecticut clocks from a dealer in this free video on collecting antique timepieces .
when lighting fireworks , hand injuries include finger and eye injuries . avoid firework injuries with tips from a fire captain in this free pyrotechnics video .
want to give a great speech ? get tips for giving a killer persuasive introduction in this free video clip about writing a great persuasive speech for public speaking .
when you are shuffling a hand , you 're going to catch bad hands . learn how to shuffle a hand from a champion poker player in this free card video .
demonstrating a martial arts defense against a knife threat to the carotid artery . learn self-defense with martial arts in this free video .
learn the meaning of the hamletback goliath red or chaos card and how to play it in magic : the gathering in this free card game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
give your valentine finger puppets a funny face by sketching some eyes and eyelashes . learn more about decorating valentines finger puppet with tips from a long-time crafts enthusiast in this free video on arts and crafts .
recycle everything that you possibly can so that you can safely hang your silk flowers . learn how to make silk flower arrangements from a professional floral designer in this free video .
a professional skateboarder will generally be paid around $ 5,000 a month . find out how much professional skaters make , with tips from a professional skater in this free video on skateboarding careers .
how to properly begin to cut guitar strings when you restring a guitar ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
benefits of eating black bean salsa from a nutritional standpoint ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by an expert chef .
removing the retaining clips . learn about universal joint replacement on a car 's rear axle in this free car repair video .
learn how to do a drill for football training with resistance bands in your workout with this free fitness video .
learn how to play aerosmith 's 'dream on ' on guitar in this free video clip on reading and playing guitar tablature .
spring is a time for pastels and colors ! get tips for applying golden shimmer and shimmer to your face in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
how to add spices to paneer masala for enhance flavor and texture ; learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
climbing movement can be learned by going to a local indoor gym or taking a technique class to learn , keeping arms long and using the feet to support weight . get started climbing with tips from an experienced rock climber in this free video on rock climbing techniques .
for a push-up , keep the body in a straight line from the heels to the shoulders and back up full extension . do push-ups with tips from a fitness director in this free video on exercise programs .
learn how to cut onions for meatball ( albondigas ) soup in this free meatball soup recipe video .
materials and how to make a reversible teddy bear explained in this free stuffed animal video .
do you want 6 pack abs ? here are some great ab exercises such as the 100 that will help get you there in these free fitness videos .
how to fertilize and care for growing mexican honeysuckle plants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own plants and herbs in this free gardening video .
learn how texture is used as a basic element of painting design in this free instructional video art lesson .
be the best player on the field today ! learn about defending yourself as a part of advanced paintball tactics in this free sports and recreation video .
what foods can help a child 's digestion ? learn about children 's nutrition , food allergies , and getting kids to eat healthy in this free video .
learn tips on how to properly play a barred a7 chord on a left handed guitar with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
learn how to mix red paint for your painting and tips on the basics of color theory in this free instructional video .
chalk lines are used to cut a straight line in wood or to pop a line . learn how to snap a chalkline using the home remodeling tips from the owner of a construction company in this free video .
how to open the clay to form pottery using the bat ; learn this and more in this free video arts and crafts lesson taught by a pottery making expert .
learn how to block a vicious kick in knockdown karate in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin karate instructor tony capraro .
you can come up with a good plan just in a thumbnail sketch , but you never know for sure how it 's going going going to work . learn about calligraphy and stenciling ideas from a calligrapher in this free art video .
for shrimp with spiced masala , use the back of the knife when cutting the potatoes . cut potatoes for shrimp using spiced spices with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
working from side to side with a strut compressor . learn how to decompress the energy in your car 's strut mounts with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
for violin recitals it 's important to practice in a recital hall . learn more about playing violin in a concert hall with tips from a violinist in this free music lesson video .
combining different effects pedals together on the left side of a guitar playing is a great way to manufacture your own unique sound . learn more about combinations of guitar pedals from a professional musician in this free guitar video .
some effects in `` magic the gathering '' have more complex effects , like casting a copy of a spell not on the stack . know about shroud effects with the role-playing game ( rpg ) tips in this free video on magic cards .
when wearing a shorter dress , it is important to cover up areas around the body so that the clothing can camouflage certain parts of the body . wear dresses with shorter skirts or miniskirts to help conceal perceived imperfections with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
setting out a shadowbox for a bird house is a good way to find the right place to put the pieces . create a birdhouse shadowbox with tips from an experienced crafter in this free video on home decor .
use a polisher on speed boats to remove swirl marks . avoid swirl marks on a speed boat with tips from a car wash owner in this free video on speed boat detailing .
a paving brick can be cleaned the old fashioned way with a scrub brush and a power washer . clean a paving brick with tips from a heating , ventilation and air conditioning ( hvac ) certified technician in this free video on home repair .
want to make a video resume ? find out and get tips and advice on video resumemaking in this free video guide .
learn how to add lentils to a healthy lentil soup , following this heart healthy online recipe video .
horses will lean into a jelly scrubber with knobs on one side and cheek bones . learn how to massage a horse in this free pet care video from a certified equine massage practitioner .
triplets are played on the same page in sabar fencing . learn about practicing triplets with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on fencing .
brake rotors usually have a hole in them that will wear out . learn how to identify brake rotors to replace a brake job in this free brake job instruction video .
hermit crabs are an omnivorous animal that eat anything they can find , and their diet includes nutritionally healthy foods like gel and kitten . feed hermit crabs fruits , vegetables or fish with insight from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
when gluing clay , use a sponge to prevent cracking . learn about sponging pottery with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
in skateboarding , a healflip varial is basically a heel flip and a front side shove-it that requires the skateboarder to master the right foot positioning . do a heal flip varial with tips from sponsored skateboarders in this free video on skateboarding tricks .
learn how to switch ollie over a board from a skateboarding expert in this free how-to video on performing tricks on a skateboard .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
learn how to operate garbage disposal in this free home improvement video from a kitchen appliance expert .
performing squats is a great way to help strengthen your lower back . learn some tips on how to correctly execute squats from a choreographer in this free latino home workout video .
when playing shifts on the violin using violin sheet music line one , measure one , start playing with the first finger . learn how to shift on the g string of a violin on the skates in this free video music lesson from a violin teacher .
sensitive scalps can be very sensitive when cornrowing , so it 's important to be open with the client in order to properly communicate with them . braid cornrows of any size and pattern with tips from an experienced hair stylist in this free video .
improv is a great field for professional actors . learn about improv warm ups and games in this free video .
what are the frequency determining components for a breadboard ? learn more about breadboarding in this free guitar video .
use the weight of the arm to pull back on upright bass finger patterns . learn about playing finger pattern 1a on the e string with the left hand on an upright bass in this free stringed instrument video from a music teacher .
handwriting analysis is just as important as handwriting . learn about the art of handwriting analysis in this free calligraphy lettering lesson from a calligrapher with three decades of lettering experience .
to make sure a snare drum sounds good you have to know how to use it . get tips on slapping the drum in this free video clip from an expert drummer .
learn about installing tower battlements in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
organ players can change keys by modulating a chord . find out how to modulate keys on an organ using the music tips in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
 futuristic sunglasses work in fashion designs to complement an outfit . learn to design futuristic sunglasses for fashion croquis from a designer in this free fashion illustration video .
playing center field in softball involves communicating with the other team on the field , having a strong arm and being able to catch a variety of throws . play center field with tips from a former collegiate all-american softball player in this free video on softball .
grapes for california sparkling wine are grown in the northern region of the state . learn about califany sparkling wines with tips from a sommelier in this free sparkling wine video .
learn tips for using store bought hair color with expert hair color tips in this free hair styling video clip .
want to play jazz piano ? learn some jazz tips on spotting 4/4 time in this free video clip on jazz piano tips .
it 's imperative to button your button up short sleeve shirt before you fold it up . get ready for the super half fold in your shirt with expert tips in this free clothing care video .
eyeshadow tips for dramatic eye makeup . learn tips for applying dramatic eyeshadow in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
how to do the eiffel tower trick on your yo-yo in this free video onyo basics .
learn tips on how to write the word 'recite ' with the chinese radical of mouth in this free video clip on chinese characters and foreign languages .
breaking the neck in women 's self defense is a two way motion that requires the fighter to release and push back . learn how to break a neck in self defense in this free martial arts video .
how to connect your camera to your computer in this free home movie video .
use a filter to repair a clogged ice maker , checking for obstructions with the ice maker or checking for fresh ice . remove the ice from an ice maker to clear the way of access using insight from a remodeling contractor and home repair specialist in this free video on home improvement .
a whole note lasts four beats in a 4/4 time . learn about music theory and sequencing for midi composing from an audio engineer in this free music theory video .
adding water droplets , in photoshop , is a great way to make your textual image look more liquidy . learn some tips for creating text bubbles from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
when selecting a cyclist 's bike , try wearing a helmet that is appropriate for specific uses . learn how to pick a bike helmet for mountain biking in this free video on biking and biking enthusiasts .
acupuncture is a great alternative medicine that can help suppress and control the appetite and help people with weight loss . learn tips on how and why this is from an acupuncture expert in this free video clip .
how to understand the contents of a purse or handbag ; get professional tips and advice on choosing and buying fashion accessories in this free fashion video .
a front side 50-50 in skateboarding is when you ollie on to a ledge and grind using both trucks at the same time . learn how to do a front side50-50 from a professional skateboarder in this free skateboarding video .
learn how to remove the base from a smoke detector , plus other diy home fire safety tips , in this free home improvement and maintenance video .
women 's swim goggles are anti-fog , meaning they do n't leave rings around the eyes , and they have a mirrored finish when swimming . try on swim goggles designed for women with tips from the owner of a swimwear shop in this free video on swimming goggles .
paper you 'll need to make a paper hat and how to assemble the hat ; learn this and more in this free online arts and crafts video on making party supplies taught by expert ginny larson .
a great bodybuilding bicep workout is alternating biceps curls with dumbbells . tone the biceps with alternating dumbbell curls with tips from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
set up external microphones for better sound . learn how to set up an xlr input for a canon xh a1 video camera in this free production video .
how to position your hands to relieve headaches with reiki in this free alternative medicine therapy video clip .
watch and learn from our expert how to mark a cross country race course in this free exercise training video on competitive cross country running .
hiking tips for winter hikers ; find tips for hiking in winter and staying warm in the snow in this this this free video on winter exercise .
make sure to measure the coat rack base plate before making rough cuts . learn how to build a storage box for painting and art supplies in this free wood project video from a woodworking teacher .
using an audio mixer in sony vegas is an important part of the video editing process , get a software tutorial in this free video .
apply a layer of glue over the clay to create a three-dimensional effect . learn how to make a 3-d picture with expert tips in this free crafts video .
one of the newest innovations in digital photography is that a camera can shoot at a higher asa , iso , without getting much noise . compare high-speed digital cameras and shoot at lower asa pictures , keeping in mind that digital cameras come with a chip in them , with tips from a professional photographer in this
it is important when forming your band that everyone enjoys working with each other and can get along . learn about forming a band and keeping your group together in this free diy music management video from an expert band manager .
the high hat in a rap song usually stays on the eighth note throughout the beat . create rap beats with the best of them with tips and information from an experienced and accredited rap producer in this free video .
watch as a flower expert and professional gardener demonstrates how to plant and care for fall-blooming arum italicum bulbs in this free online video about home gardening .
make a paper airplane with any designs or materials you can use ; learn tips , ticks and more for creating realistic cartoon airplanes in this free online art lesson on video .
how to play riff 12 for playing blues guitar in a ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
learn the fountain pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
using a thin brush and adding a z stoke will help you shape the feathers of your rooster watercolor painting . learn more about shading and watercolor paintings from a professional artist in this free painting video .
in kickboxing , practice the hook punch by starting from a stationary position . perform this powerful drill with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
centipedes are venomous creatures that can cause a lot of pain and swelling . watch how to defend against a centipede in this free video .
eyebrow waxing often requires a wax remover . learn how to use wax removers for eyebrow waxing with tips from a stylist in this free beauty care video .
learn how to add a sides to a box and what that means in this free video clip .
dress for a disco by wearing a disco outfit that flatter the body and helps to accentuate the dance floor . dress to go to a disco with this free video from a clothing designer on fashion advice .
using plastic golf balls is a great way to practice your golf swing and balance . learn a few golfing tips from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
saute vegetables and seasonings in the rice later . learn how to make curried onion and apple pork chops from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
you can find a child 's entertainer on the internet or through referrals from local advertising agencies . learn how to hire a professional clown for your party in this free educational video .
the shuffle is a great drum beat to play for fast blues or rock music . learn some tips from a drumming expert on how to play shuffle beats in this free video clip .
learn how to add garlic powder and seasoning to falafel following this easy greek video recipe .
learn how to secure basement windows using a piece of wood and a router , in this free home improvement and maintenance video .
remove strut mounting bolts that are self-locking and have been exposed to weather . learn how to remove front struts on a front-wheel drive vehicle in this free car maintenance video from an automobile repairman .
learn how to cook eggplant in a grill to make a heart healthy eggplant sandwich in this free online video recipe .
in pilates , stretch the muscles from the core all the way down to the toes to do a develope to the front lying on the side . learn more about the develope and pilates from a professional pilates instructor in this free fitness video .
fitting a bra is important for any woman . learn how to find and fit a bra in this free video on women 's lingerie .
get your abs ready for the beach by learning how to work your abs with a pool noodle in this free exercise video .
an expert demonstrates a basic drum beat variation that involves playing quarter notes on the bass drum , or kick drum , for beats 1 and 4 , the snare drum , and the high hat , in this free beginners drum lesson video .
get ideas for different types of tropical flower arrangements with expert tips and advice on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free online wedding flowers video clip .
centerpieces for a beach themed wedding consist of orchids , flowing vases and candles . create beach-themed centerpieces with tips from an event coordinator in this free wedding planning video .
hookah social activities are fun and a good place to introduce yourself and hookah culture . introduce yourself to hookah people with tips from a hookah bar owner in this free video on hookah smoking .
a good job for a bodyguard is to have experience in the field and not have previous employment . learn more about bodyguard job training with tips from a former secret service agent in this free career video .
learn how to prepare pre-mille glass for stretching in this free video series that will show you how to make these decorative beads that are perfect for homemade jewelry .
learn how to do slap ups in tap dancing with expert tap dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online dance lesson and choreography video clip .
performing as a one-woman country western show . learn how to act as a country western character in this free video on theater and performance .
learn how to decorate a plate for making cuban congri , or cuban rice and beans , with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
spin moves in basketball help get a player to get open for a shot . use a spin move in basketball with tips from a former semi-professional basketball player in this free video on basketball fundamentals .
get tips on what medicine to take when traveling in peru , and how to avoid altitude sickness , in this free peru travel guide on video .
how to finish applying makeup like j-lo ; get professional tips and advice on beauty makeup and women 's cosmetics in this free instructional video .
learn about making sure your mountain bike is properly installed and free of air pressure when removing the wheel in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable off-road bike racer .
tone and strengthen the inner thigh with tubing . learn more about thigh line adduction exercises with expert tips from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
hiking accessories should n't attach to the outside of a backpacking pack . learn how to put hiking accessories in a backpack in this free backpacking video .
break dancing is all about closing ; learn break dancing for the clubs in this free video on break dancing moves for beginners .
equine health requires several things to consider before beginning equine massage . learn more about horse health with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
gran turismo 5 cars , such as the tuscan tvr , drift easily , keeping an eye on the entry speed and weight shifting to get the car around a corner . get free gran turismo 6 tips on how to drift in mid high power cars with medium power in this free video .
it 's important to remove obstructing weeds from your organic parsley garden bed . learn some useful ways to prepare your garden bed from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
make earrings for belly-dancing costumes by wearing them in a variety of styles , from a gypsy look to a glittery one-piece costume . find out more about making belly-dimensional earrings with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance .
how to cut bell pepper for making authentic french chicken ; learn more about making traditional french food in this free cooking video .
keep your legs nice and straight in this all-star sharp motion routine in this free video on cheerleading and dancing .
learn about the mechanical worthiness of a used car before buying one with expert car buying advice in this free online used car video clip .
the hip hop template in logic pro 8 allows users to create and store any type of data . learn more about creating drum patterns with logic pro in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
it 's important to use vitamin supplements for bearded dragons . learn how to take care of a bearded dragon and reptiles in this free video tutorial on exotic pets .
learn the importance of not drinking caffeine at the time of day with expert sleeping tips in this free online healthy living video clip .
professional budget advice you ca n't miss ! learn about making a budget for personal finances in this free online video tutorial .
remember to keep your shoulder muscles engaged as you practice your lower body picking up . learn how to do shoulder picking up in hip hop dance warm-ups from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
the double wrist grab is a effective self-defense combat jujitsu technique that can be used to break an attacker 's hand and bring them to the ground . learn to defend against the double wristgrab with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujin self defense .
a hip flexor takes a beating all day , and it 's hard to isolate . workout with a partner and stretch hip muscles with tips from a physical trainer in this free fitness video .
some cardio kickboxing basic kicks are side kicks , front kicks , back kicks and side kicks and run in place . try basic kicks with tips from a kickboxing instructor in this free video on cardio kick workouts .
learn what tools are needed to adjust the wheel bearings on a car with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
demos should be done in practice space to get a sense of what is going on in the music and identify any glaring problems . learn how to record a music demo from our recording expert in this free video clip .
pilates push ups are an advanced exercise that builds strength in the upper body . learn more about the pilates advanced push ups exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
cleaning pewter is simple by making a paste with 1 teaspoon salt , 1 cup vinegar and 1 1/2 cup flour , mixing it up and letting it sit for a few minutes before adding the paste to the rest of the material . add a little homemade finishing touches to pewtery with tips from
watch as a seasoned professional discusses aquarians in this free online video about astrology in romance .
reflexology techniques include thumb walking , the foot worm pattern and gliding strokes . discover which foot and body reflexology techniques are best with tips from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on alternative medicine .
the snaps on a sail help to fasten the wire around the luff wire . get expert tips and advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
caffeine is a necessity in cold weather survival . learn what foods to avoid in order to stay safe and hunt in sub zero temperatures in this free camping video with a professional huntsman .
advice for finding a reputable ballet class studio for parents ; learn how to observe ballet steps in this free video clip from a professional ballet instructor .
discover tips for washing cream of mushroom soup in this free online cooking video .
utensils you need to make meatloaf ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by expert rich buccola .
learn how base coaches communicate with runners on the field , and how to keep a runner at bay with expert tips and advice on baseball rules and basics in this free online baseball video clip .
just about any plant that can grow in containers , it needs the right container . learn about how to plant flower bulbs in containers from a sustainable gardener in this free gardening video .
when playing bach on violin using violin sheet music , start with the same line . become a better violin player with the tips in this free music lesson video from a violin teacher .
using the clock feature on an iphone involves clicking the clock button on the home page , selecting the stop watch and timer feature and often changing the settings to a new alarm and checking the city clock or firework labels . set an active alarm , allowing the user to set an appropriate time at work or at
the fifteen second signal is imperative to any soundbyte or coming out of a commercial . learn more about broadcasting news from an abc53 floor director in this free video .
using small yellow onions , as opposed to white onions for the greek fish plaki ; learn tips , trick and preparations suggestions in this free online cooking video about greek food taught by an expert chef .
a wide-toothed comb is great for daily care when braiding hair . learn how to use a wide-tohed comb on hair braiding with expert tips in this free hairstyling video .
a fake shot can be used in b-ball to fake a defender and get them off-balance . learn how to shoot a fake shot in this free sports training video for beginner basketball players .
an inverter is an electronic and electric unit that is able to use 24 volts that are going in and changing it from a direct current , or ac , to amplitude current , called ac . learn about saving energy in your home with natural or solar power in this free video .
shoulder shrugs are good for working the anterior , posterior deltoid and traps . learn how to use dumbbells for upper body building from certified personal trainer in this free exercise video .
watch and learn from our expert about doing push ups as a runner in this free training video on cross country running tips and techniques .
learn how to give treats to multiple dogs in this free dog care video from our pet health professional .
ryotedori kotegaeshi from yokomenuchi is performed by lifting the entire body and stepping into an opponent 's hand to take them down . learn advanced aikido techniques the ushiro jogi 2 or staff form 2 in this free martial arts training video featuring a 4th degree black
learn how to use the shoelaces for juggling with expert tips and advice on juggling in this free online soccer video clip .
keep your ice fishing jig rod lubricated . learn more about taking care of ice fishing rods in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
knowing what to look for when buying squash for your garden is very important to their success and growth . learn how to choose the best possible squash to grow in your garden in this free horticulture video from a veteran gardener .
glue star embellishments to clothing carefully ; learn to embellish t-shirts and clothing with rhinestones , plastic jewels and gems , in this free video .
play drum displaced quarters for swing music with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
get a walkthrough of smuggling out the agent in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
reason 4 has many preferences such as sound quality that can be used and altered to make it easier to work with . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
the basic tools used in screen printing can be a squeegee , screen filler , retarder or ink extender . get tips on the tools used to screen print from a printmaking expert in this free video .
learn from an expert pole dancer how to relieve stress while pole dancing in this free fitness video on pole dancing exercises .
when making a wax sculpture , first assemble the mold in a mother mold and apply hot wax before covering the wax with tire tubes . learn about the wax process with tips from an artist in this free sculpting video .
an ooey-gooey combo with a belly dancing shimmy rocks the hips forward and backward . add an undulation to a shimmmy with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
adjust the levels of a four track recorder in order to properly monitor the vocals of a vocalist . learn how in this free audio production video guide on how to record music .
writing good drama is knowing how to develop a story and develop characters within that story that the audience and followers will connect to . get rid of any romantic elements in a drama screenplay by composing characters that are well-lovable and likable with tips from an independent filmmaker in this free video on the film industry .
learn about the biological role of depression in this free home health video .
a draw golf club is a long term club that 's normally hit anywhere between 100 and 200 yards . learn how to draw with a seven iron from a professional golf instructor in this free golf instruction video .
learn from our expert how to attach the head of your pheasant tail for fishing in this free fishing video on techniques for and making fly fishing nymphs .
pencil sketching teeth adds interest to a drawing . learn to sketch teeth with tips from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
learn how to do a hapkido bo staff to staff fighting techniques in this free martial arts weapons training video .
picking a target in travian online is easy with these tips , get expert advice on video and computer games in this free video .
learn how to use the glue to protect the paper from wrinkling when making a porcelain bowl in this free video clip .
step-touch side footwork in belly dancing requires keeping the belly button pulled in , chest lifted and shoulders back . learn to step-touch with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance .
the larger the number of hooks you can number , the larger the hook . learn about fly fishing gear , supplies , and other equipment in this free video .
bossa nova drum-beat rhythms are made up of syncopated ride hits , snare-drum rim clicks on both downbeats and upstrokes and an ostanato bass-click pattern . play bossa novas drum-beats with tips and lessons from an experienced latin
play a sample game to make sure that you understand all the elements of states dice . learn how to play states dice in this free gaming video .
in dog grooming , you will need nail clippers , stop bleed or styptic powder . clip a dog 's nails with tips from a dog groomer in this free pet care video .
learn how to do a hip hop stretch in this free and easy dance lesson video .
women 's fashion is n't complete with fashion ! get tips for picking the right blouse for your 30s in this free video clip about fashion tips for women over 30 .
how to apply gelatin to virtual vomit ; get expert tips on making traditional french dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
make your own nail art ! learn the do 's and don 's of nail art with this free video clip from a professional nail artist .
use a large potter 's knife to blend clay out of a ceramic candlestick holder . learn more about filling clay cracks with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn more tips on how to add effects to a song recorded with apple logic pro music software in this free video for artists , bands , and songwriters .
ca n't scrape together the cash for a birthday clown ? no problem , let our expert show you how to make a balloon flower in this free video clip .
view options in the itunes window in this free itunes video lesson taught by an ipod user and expert on music downloads .
learn about setting examples for martial arts school in this free martial arts training advice video from our black belt instructor .
use high lift ice fishing rod to get rid of bait . learn more about ice fishing bait in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced nature guide .
learn how to kindling , and how to start a fire , plus expert tips on how to build a fire in a fireplace , in this free how-to video .
keep fingern polish on nails by not picking at the nail polish and using natural nail care to maintain the longevity . wear gloves to keep nail polish on the fingernails with tips from a licensed aesthetician in this free video on nail care .
using a wooden base to begin your female dancer sculpture ; learn tips , tricks and techniques for creating beautiful sculpture in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
avoid using vegetable or water base dye to dye a flower pot . get tips for mixing colors for flower arrangements in this free video clip about how to make a rose bouquet .
proper head positions for floor gymnastics protects the neck and helps in completing each maneuver . learn about proper head positions with tips from a gymnastics coach in this free gymnastics video .
if someone has long reach , they could reach over their head . learn how to do praying mantis kung fu overhead block low chops in this free martial arts video from a black belt instructor .
wet small pieces of clay between your hands when creating a teapot spout . learn how to create a spout for a small ceramic pitcher with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
how to de-seed the spaghetti squash for making spaghetti squash casserole ; learn more about homemade creole recipes in this free cooking video .
improv guitar soloing can seem much harder than it really is . here is a video to offer some tips on how to be a better punk rock guitar player .
watercolor pencils are great for creating texturing in wood crafts . learn more about woodworking with water color pencils from an award-winning artist in this free video .
learn how to choose fabric for sewing a sachet and get professional tips and advice on methods and techniques for sewing your own bedroom accessories in this free instructional video .
ardha bhekasana in full spectrum yoga is a lying down pose that stretches both legs . learn about ardha bachkasana with tips from a yoga expert in this free yoga video series .
learn from our expert that ovens need to be cleaned properly in this free how-to video on how to better clean your oven .
keep your questions on your feet during your radio interview . learn how to give a good interview in this free series of career advice videos on radio broadcasting .
keep your feet four to six inches apart at the end of the diving board . learn where to place your feet from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
learn about defensive strategies in the triple threat offense in this free football defense video .
how to preheat the oven for curry phyllo triangles ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic curry recipe in this free cooking video .
learn how to play `` dani california '' by red hot chili peppers on guitar , as featured in the video game rock band and get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar in this free music lesson video .
leave about a half inch of fabric that you can sew your final strip to . learn how to make a shaggy rug out of recycled jeans in this free home decor video .
warrior two pose are a great senior yoga exercise that senior citizens can use for strengthening their shoulder muscles . learn to do warrior two and extended lateral angle yoga poses with tips from a registered yoga teacher in this free exercise video .
cut a slab of clay to the right thickness for a mounted bird bath ; learn to sculpt a bird bath from clay in this free video art lesson .
learn how to dress for contact juggling with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling lesson video .
learn about safety when working with cars to change car front brake pads with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
easy fake bruises and special effects makeup ! learn to use makeup to fake a swollen bruise in this free video series on making false bruises and stage makeup effects .
replacing an ipod battery is simple by taking it apart and checking for a warranty . find out more about replacing ipod batteries with tips for a technology specialist in this free video about how to buy an iphone .
the kick and open hat are the most prominent beats in rap and hip hop beats because they set the tone for the rest of the beat . create rap beats with the best of them with tips and information from an experienced and accredited rap producer in this free video .
a corner man in a tight package should not be wide open . learn the equipment requirements for a boxing gym in this free video on training for boxers .
learn how to do the bow hula hooping trick in this free hula hoop workout video .
learn how to make a bowl from a gourd in this free craft video .
having a racing sponsor means managing the budget for the driver and the sponsor ; learn how with tips from our professional driver in this free car-racing video .
creased pants do not have a crease in the front . learn how to fold chino pants in this free clothing care video .
banish crusty , ashy elbows forever by exfoliating the skin and rubbing in a circular motion with a cloth . avoid rubbing too hard on crusty elbows with tips from a beauty editor in this free video on skin care .
most english 3-speed bicycles have straight lines . learn more about the different frame types of an english three-speed from a vintage bicycle expert in this free video .
if a cowbell is not used often in a drum set it is difficult to securely place it on a floor . set up a cow bell properly with tips from a professional drummer in this free music lesson video .
learn how to staple the fabric for valance curtains for a curtain sewing project with expert sewing instructions in this free crafting video clip .
the lower leg raise is a great exercise for training the lower sections of the abdominal muscles . build abdominal muscles with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on ab exercises .
the cross advancing warm up exercise , in tai chi , involves pivoting on the back foot and extending the arms . learn how to do box advancing warm ups with tips from a taekwondo instructor in this free martial arts video .
to trim nostril hair , use numbing gel or ambesol to numb the area of the nose , and pull one hair at a time , slowly and steady , until the only visible hair is visible to the naked eye . trim nostrils with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on health and
learn how to do a japanese shiatsu massage of the head to relieve stress and tension with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
get creative and make your own wire sculpture ! learn how to make the tail in this free video clip about making a lizard wire sculpture .
what tools are needed to recharging a car 's air conditioner ? learn about recharging air conditioners with refrigerant in this free car maintenance video .
the minor seventh chord for the saxophone is composed of the notes f sharp , f sharp and a. play a minor seven chord on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
how to bottle home brewed scottish beer ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
learn tax tips for at-home business tax with expert tax advice in this free online self employment tax deduction video clip .
watch as a seasoned expert demonstrates how to inspect your bathtub faucet repairs in this free online video about home repair .
combine individual tactics and build an effective team . learn about individual and collective strategies as a part of paintball team tactics in this free sports and recreation video series .
how to figure out which hose is which . learn about flushing coolant systems in this free car maintenance video .
learn how to choose a good fabric to make a handmade purse with expert tips on hip , fashionable , and modern purse styles in this free sewing video clip .
thumbing the sen lines in a thai yoga massage should be used only where the fingertip is located . learn more about thumbing and massaging the dorsal and toes using thai massage techniques with tips from a yoga instructor in this free massage therapy video .
the a major mixolydian mode is a scale that begins on the third note of the a major scale . play the mixolydoian mode in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced and learned musician in this free video .
learn how to finish assembling cloth grocery bags with expert crafting tips from an expert clothes designer in this green living and recycling video clip .
looking for a new camera for your photoshop project ? learn tips for changing photos in this free graphic design tutorial from an image manipulation expert .
learn how to use water and paint effects to create a textured background using pastels in this free video art lesson .
play straight forward snare drum on all four coordinates with bass on and off beats with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
set up a perfection loop for fishing . learn about fly fishing knots , equipment , and techniques in this free video .
an annuity works through several phases , which include the accumulation , distribution period and the immediate deferred period . choose an annuity that has a lifetime payout with tips from a registered financial consultant in this free financial planning video .
learn how and why an air chisel is removed from the plastic socket of a prosthetic limb with expert tips on how to make artificial limbs in this free online prostheses video clip .
learn from an expert how to tell the bible story to your kids in this free christian values and parenting video clip .
how to serve apple rice salad ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making some unique , fresh salads in this free cooking video .
1st position triads on the mandolin 's higher strings are easy to play with these tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
the side lying double leg lift exercise in pilates is a great exercise for toning your core and oblique muscles . learn more about the side leg lift advanced pilates exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
calf raises are a great stretch for the legs and hips . learn how to do calf raises in this free fitness video from a pilates instructor .
body testing can be used to test a person 's health to find out if their kidneys , stomach or stomach are healthy . learn how body testing can help test for health in this free video from a professional speaker and communications instructor .
applying a protective coating to a painting surface gives extra strength and protects the surface . find out how to apply the protective coating on a surface , such as oak wood furniture , in this free video .
when cleaning toilets , make sure to rinse the base of the toilet several times to get out dust and dirt . clean the toilet base with tips from a nanny in this free video on toilet cleaning .
palming the back in the prayer pose opens up the client 's stretch . learn the prayer angle for thai yoga massage techniques in this free massage therapy video .
donate or donate moving items to charity . learn what items to return early with expert tips in this free moving video .
learn how to apply clear glass to glass beads in this free video series that will show you how to make these decorative beads that are perfect for homemade jewelry .
learn how to play shaker percussion with twoakers in the music lesson in this free video .
learn how to shape and cook homemade gnocchi with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian cuisine video clip .
the double snap swivel attached to an ice fishing rod gives you an ability to tie hooks and bibbits when ice fishing . learn more about rigging bolts to ice fishing rods from a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
the camel pose keeps the feet healthy with blood flow and better nutrient circulation . prepare muscles for a workout with this stretching exercise technique from an experienced personal trainer in this free video .
mills are great workouts for increasing endurance . discover how to develop a treadmill workout with expert tips from a fitness instructor in this free video about treadmill workouts .
here are some useful tips on playing hammond organ melodic moments in rock music . watch this free video on music theory .
learn about the various rules of the game gin rummy from an expert card player in this free instructional video .
learn how to tie a correct palomar knot in this free video .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to file down a parrot 's nails in this free online video about caring for parrots .
indian food is full of interesting spices and flavors . learn how to add spices for indian potatoes , carrots & peas in this free recipe video .
learn how to relieve pain in the neck , back , shoulder , and legs using a spine aligner in this free how-to video series on using a spinal aligner .
write down the name and title of the interviewees at a job interview . learn about writing down job interview information when interviewing in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
learn how to sight sing scales in this free voice lesson video from our sight singing expert and award-winning choir singer .
front shoulder raises involve holding water bottles or canned items in a nice standing position . learn front shoulder raises with expert tips from a professional personal trainer in this free fitness video .
learn about the chanter and how to choose the right one in this free video series that will teach you everything you need to know to play the bagpipe .
use a fine detailed brush when painting more trees in a watercolor painting . learn more watercolor trees and painting from a professional artist in this free painting video .
discover tips for adding mayonnaise to create an american potato salad recipe for cookouts and backyard barbeques in this side dish cooking class on video .
learn how to read the seven of pentacles in this free fortune-telling video on how to correctly read tarot cards .
learn how to do yoga poses and learn how to correctly position your body for increased strength and flexibility as well as circulation , in this free exercise video from a professional yoga teacher .
special tools are needed to build your sandcastle . get tips for using tools to build a sandcastle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
learn tips for picking plants for your moon garden in this free gardening video .
get an explanation on how to play the seventeenth variation of an eighth note drum beat ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
strengthen your spine and legs with side squats on the balance ball . learn how to do balance ball side squats with tips from a fitness instructor in this free balance exercise video .
learn the sivananda yoga cobra pose in this free exercise video .
the pelvic floor is one of the muscles engaged in abdominal workouts . learn how to do pelvic floor exercises properly from a fitness trainer in this free workout video .
reducing freckles is done by first cleansing the skin and using a light toner on the ring finger . reduce makeup wrinkles with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video about the basics of skin care .
by pressing a button , you can launch yourself through a companion cube in orange box 's game portal ; learn more tips about advancing levels in portal in this free computer gaming video clip about portal .
caring for a labrador retriever requires being careful not to overfeeding because of their ability to get fat fast , as well as being in the family to provide good leadership and training . feed a labrador regularly to lead a healthy life with advice from a certified dog trainer in this free video on dog
learn how to read the queen of cups tarot card from a professional tarot reader in this free fortune-telling video .
logic pro ultrabeat users can smooth out the sound of a track using the master fader . smooth out a hip hop mix using logic pro 8 software with the free tips in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
one variation on an e in uncial calligraphy is the use of a cap stroke . learn how to write upper case letters e through a few variations in italic handcalligraphy in this free calligraphing lesson from a calligraphigraphy instructor .
learn a few breathing exercises for baby boomer yoga from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
acupuncturists will sometimes use single-use needles in order to stimulate certain points in the patient . learn more about acupuncture and how it can help you from our medical expert in this free video .
drum set toms should be set in the same height as cymbals . set up toms on a drum set with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on drums .
certain finishes are marketed as non-toxic . learn how to apply a finish for a turned wood bowl in this free woodworking lesson from a woodturning instructor .
potatoes are an important part of a french chicken recipe . learn to peel potatoes with expert tips from a chef in this free recipe video .
 voice leading arpeggios are one of the easiest methods of playing in a four bar progression . learn how to play voice leading chords in a d minor , g7 , c major 7 and a 7 progression in this free upright bass video from a jazz and classical bass player .
remove excess powder when applying acrylic powder . learn the tools and supplies you need for acrylic makeup with tips from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
george frideric handel was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
using a crystal or mirror , learn from our feng shui expert , how to use lighting in this free decorating video on using fusing designs in your space .
the cafe de paris is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
prepare ginger for a ginger shrimp recipe by first slicing off each bulb . cut ginger with tips from a professional chef in this free video about easy shrimp recipes .
when making pork chops with soy and ginger sauce , cut two cloves of garlic and one ring of onions . cut garlic and onions for pork belly with tips from a chef in this free video recipe .
bend the knees at a 45 degree angle to do a straddle split pose in yoga to help stretch the groin and open the hips . learn a useful counter pose in zen yoga leg training from the founder in this free yoga video .
scrape wax off a snowboard before waxing it . get expert tips on snowboard waxing in this free winter sports video .
how to add and serve crab stuffed shrimp ; get expert tips on homemade seafood recipes in this free cooking video .
the basic side break , in salsa dancing , is a great way to keep your rhythm . learn to salsa and ballroom dance in this free dancing video lesson .
a ceramic handle can be used to flatten out a piece of pottery . learn about using a pottery handle with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
shoot red barrels straight away when playing call of duty 4 : modern warfare ; learn more tips about advancing levels in this free computer gaming video clip on video games .
you can use commercial glaze or a spray pan to design your pottery . see how to mix all the ingredients and paint a pottery exterior in this free ceramics .
how to cook your crab cakes , including cooking techniques and preparation ; learn this and more in this free online instructional cooking video about seafood taught by an expert .
blood donations are a great way to save lives . learn how blood donations are made in this free video clip about how to donate blood .
a first-aid kit is important for your dog in case of an emergency . learn more about how to make a first-staid kit for your pet with tips from an animal expert in this free pet care video .
pointing dogs can be used to help catch and retrieve game . learn how to train a dog to point in this free pet training video .
how to add more ingredients to korean soon tobu ji gae stew ; learn more about making traditional korean food in this free cooking video .
make a top cap for a table lamp when shafts are drilled . learn how to cut the top cap when building a custom table lamp in this free video on home decor and lighting .
a scissors move in soccer is an attacking move that requires speed , change of direction and element of surprise . do scissors in soccer with tips from a soccer coach in this free video on soccer .
learn the secondary coverage in a nickel defense with expert football tips and advice from a former football player in this free football defense video clip .
the gecko herb in traditional chinese medicine is often used in formulas to help with lower back pain . learn more about gecko herbs from a registered herbalist in this free alternative medicine video .
cartooning made easy ! learn how to draw feet on cartoon villains and monsters in this free video on cartooning and drawing bad guys .
if your dog likes to retrieve things , it 's important to be safe in the water . get tips for teaching your dog to swim in water safely with help from a dog trainer in this free pet care video .
jogging will speed up your warm up and stretch . get expert tips and advice on basketball drills , rules , and history in this free video .
fertilize evergreen trees by giving them plenty of sun and deep applications of water , but only using a tablespoon or two of fertilizer around the root and letting mother nature water in . keep trees healthy with tips from a gardening specialist in this free video on trees .
the half forward bend yoga pose is great for stretching the lower back as well as calming the nerves . practice the half forward yoga pose with tips from an experienced yoga instructor in this free video on yoga exercises .
learn how to use some personal safety tips for using a power planer and get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on using tools for leveling , shaving and shaping wood in this free woodworking video .
learn how to serve an eggplant sandwich , in this free online video recipe .
hire a contractor , plumber , painter or electrician to work on tasks around the home . learn how to hire a contractor using the home remodeling tips from the owner of a construction company in this free video .
there 's usually a sticker on the back of a pc that tells you the product key of a computer . discover how to find windows product keys with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computers .
you do not want to show your underwear under a bra or panties ! get tips for sewing cups under bras in this free video on women 's fashion .
looking for free window cleaning tips for residential window washing ? learn how to use a mini ladder for window cleaning from an expert in this free house cleaning video .
learn how to install metal tile roofing in this free roofing instruction video .
when creating a border around a picture in photoshop , go into the layer dropdown menu , go to layer style and select stroke menu and select a border . create a border , which defaults to a red , with tips from a portrait photographer in this free video tutorial on adobe photoshop .
a player is trying to slow play a straight in shotgun poker . learn how to keep a game going from a champion poker player in this free card video .
learn about common accessories people use with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free balloon folding video clip .
learn how medication can be used for treating restless legs syndrome and its symptoms with expert medical advice in this free health care video clip .
learn about walking down notes as you learn how to fingerpick the blues on the guitar , from a professional guitar player in this free video music lesson .
improve push ups by starting on all fours , where the feet are down and the knees are down , by starting with one push-up and then moving to the other . find out how to start pushing up on the knees with a demonstration from a fitness trainer in this free video on health and staying in shape
how to curl tendrils for styling a curly hair up-do ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
whiteface clown makeup starts with a white base , and you can get creative with your clown makeup . learn how in this free clown makeup video lesson .
the flange guitar effect is great for funk , rock , pop , and many other genres of music . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
working out for the triathlon run involves constant conditioning and discipline ; learn how to train for the iron man in this free sport competition video .
a great shakuhachi flute riff begins with an f note and moves to an a note . learn more about the a major scale in this free video music lesson from a master djembe flute .
use a peeling cut to create a shoulder for mounting in the scroll chuck . get tips on shaping a bowl from a woodturning expert in this free crafts video .
knowing about the ussra and covering your edge is very important in squash . learn how to keep an edge in squash with training lessons from this free video on squash drills .
garageband music recording software has a zooming option that allows the user to move the track between left and right channels . create new music and edit digital sounds using tips on midi information from an experienced music engineer and producer in this free video .
learn how to stretch your hamstrings in this free video series on advanced cheerleading moves .
work the hamstrings , calves and thigh muscles with develope exercises . learn to warm-up for modern dancing with developes exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
learn how to make a loop and secure the pendant for a glass pendant with expert jewelry design tips in this free crafts video clip .
having your opponent in front is very important in the game of racquetball . here is a free video to help you become a better player .
attaching the cut pattern paper to the squash book is one of the final steps in creating a beautiful squash book . learn how to make a squash book from a veteran scrapbooker in this free video .
learn how to use mimic program to create poser software characters that talk with expert 3d animation and rendering tips in this free software tutorial video .
when using a power drill , select the right size bit and insert it into the end of the drill . use power drills with tips from an experienced handyman in this free video on home remodeling supplies .
adding a toggle clasp to the center clip can be used for holding an id badge as a regular necklace . make sure the toggle clasp is the right size and color for each badge with great tips from an experienced jewelry maker in this free video on beaded jewelry .
ausiwaga , or reaping throws , is used to break the knee or ankle and to throw an opponent forcefully and decisively . learn how to do a reaping throw in this free martial arts video from a professional black belt instructor .
learn how to choose the best snow tires and all-season tires with expert auto mechanics advice in this free online car care video clip .
becoming a physician is a long and competitive process requiring at least 11 years of education and training in a competitive career path . learn how to become a physician with tips from a medical administrator in this free video on career information .
cooking tips for berry crisp topping in this free mac and cheese recipe from a professional caterer .
you 're going to need two cups of confectioner 's sugar , two egg whites and lemon juice . learn how to mix the ingredients for icing in this free baking video about easy cake decorating ideas .
continuity in pilates exercises allows the mind to stay present and know where the movements are within the form . learn more about continuity with tips from a professional choreographer in this free dance video .
cable flies work the major pectorals . learn how to use cable flies for upper body building from certified personal trainer in this free exercise video .
learn how to fold a hoodie with a hood in this free step-by-step laundry video .
how to finish sewing the bottoms of a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
when elevating the front of a car to relieve a car brake line , start with the front and work up to a jack point that stands properly . contact a professional auto mechanic to help lower the brake line with advice from an automotive repair specialist in this free video on car tires .
blacksmithing is a character profession in `` world of warcraft '' . get expert tips and advice on video and computer games in this free video .
learn how to dry a saturated book when drying wet books with expert book care tips from a bibliophile in this free online book related video clip .
in belly dancing , contract and open the front of the body to perform an undulation . learn more about belly dance undulations with tips from a professional dancer in this free dance lesson video .
you can encourage parrots to do what makes you want to , and use positive reinforcement to discourage such behavior ; learn more about training parrots in this free pet care video about parrot training .
in skateboarding , perform the ollie , the shoveit and the 180 tricks to practice snapping the tail of the board and dragging the front foot forward to lift on the nose . practice skateboarding tricks with tips from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
how to play `` distorting mirrors '' in improv . learn how to practice improv with games , warm ups , and exercises in this free acting video .
a flight instructor job description includes managing multiple tasks at once while flying . hear about a flight instructor 's job description from a professional flight instructor ( cfi ) in this free video on a career in aviation .
learn how to jump in and ride away from a bmx abubaka with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
the drum beat r & b style shuffles are predominantly done on the snare drum but also incorporate the high hat . play a variety of drum beats including paradiddles and accent variations with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
a lack of sleep can lead to depression and bad sleep . learn how to diagnose sleep problems with herbal supplements and diet in this free health clip from registered dietitian .
learn how to juggle two clubs with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling lesson video .
a symphony conductor must know how to conduct in 6/4 time . learn about ways in which conductors communicate with orchestra members in this free conducting lesson from an experienced conductor .
it 's important for organic parsley to remain a good digestive plant to help digest your meal . learn some helpful tips for storing parsley from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
a snowboard nollie is the same as an ollie but with your weight shifted . get snowboarding tips for doing a snowboard nosellie from a seasoned snowboarder in this free video .
learn how to make a snap as the center in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
having trouble sleeping due to depression according to chinese medicine is a great alternative medicine to help treat insomnia . learn how to trigger the bladder 15 acupuncture point for insomnia with tips from an acupuncturist in this free alternative medicine video .
learn how to clear the spine for a bmx nose pick with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
the double spiral is a great dance move to use that will impress your friends . learn the double spiral from a professional dance instructor in this free video .
how to blend pottery glaze pieces when painting pottery . learn about artwork , painting , and creativity when working with ceramics or clay .
get tips for planting your plants on a raised garden bed in this free gardening video .
relax the spine in a yoga hero pose as you transition into your pose . learn to relax the neck in a hero pose in this free yoga video from a fitness and yoga instructor .
learn to play 12/8ths african drum patterns with two bass drums and conga off the beat then on the beat . free video drum lessons featuring a professional drummer and drum teacher !
if you are working with an electric hand drill , learn how to find a good place to store them in this free video .
how to do the seasick trick on your yo-yo in this freeyo video .
how to use a stone cutting tool in this free how-to video .
play latin music clave accent beats on tom-tom drums at the same time with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction and improvisation .
when cleaning a bathroom screen , reach out and hose them down in the yard or driveway to clear dirt and debris . clean bathroom screens with tips from a former housecleaning business owner and operator in this free video on housekeeping .
faucets work on a kitchen faucet by either unscrewing the handle or allowing a hose to move the handles back and forth to adjust the temperature . find out how a normal fet works with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement and maintenance .
so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on the vibration sensing contact tuners .
which type of wood stain is right for your deck ? learn how to stain a deck for the summer season in this free video .
giving compliments to the student who is doing the right thing is one way to engage disruptive students . learn how to manage a college classroom by giving compliments from a professional speaker and communications instructor in this free video .
fixing your car by yourself ? learn how to reline suspension knuckles with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
get started in nhra racing by practicing at an accredited school to get your degree and start your career ; learn more with tips from our professional driver in this free car-racing video .
learn how to rabbit ear the first section of an origami orchid with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
 compensate for sitting position and the arc swing in adaptive golf by adjusting your golf game . learn tips on how to compensate for these adjustments from an expert in this free video clip .
the keyboard basics for new orleans music are relatively simple , with no major harmonies . begin playing the keyboard basics with tips from a crescent city resident in this free video on new ornamentleans music .
finger walking and thumb walking are two of the most common techniques for foot reflexology . discover the foot massage techniques for thumb walking and finger walking with tips from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on alternative medicine .
breathing techniques in yoga include expanding the stomach and relaxing the lungs . learn to breathe deeply in yoga in this free hatha yoga video .
want to improve your education ? learn how to do sign language related to describing people in this free education video .
learn how to make homemade valentine 's gifts from a professional art teacher in this free video about tips for making a paper heart for that special someone .
trap card is dark deal in dark world . learn about the dark world yugi oh card in this free yuki game lesson from a strategy and rpg game teacher
when hollowing out a bowl in wood turning , keep the tool handle opposite the bowl . carve a hole in a bowl with tips from a wood turning expert in this free video on wood crafts .
removing surface rust from tools can be done with a mixture of baking soda and lemon juice , or with a light oil , such as wd-40 and sandpaper . sand down tools to remove surface rust with instructions from a remodeling contractor and home repair specialist in this free video on home improvement and maintenance
two non-rinse brewing sanitizers and cleansers you can use for your brewing equipment ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video about brewing beer taught by an expert brewer .
watch as a window-cleaning professional discusses the different types of squeegees in this free online video about cleaning exterior windows .
focusing on the design and patterns behind your stained glass project will help you understand the process . learn more about working with stained glass in this free video series .
the wedding videography has changed in the last 10-15 years from not having a professional videographer to having a photographer to attend the wedding . learn about the background and steps in this free wedding video .
to play high hat lifts on beats 2 and 4 , it 's important to know how to use your left foot with the right foot on the upbeat . learn how in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
incorporating the rim click , hi-hat syncopation and ostinato bass drum pattern will help you play the first groove of the bossa nova drum beat pattern . learn the latin groove of this latin style drum beat with expert tips in this free drumming video .
when attempting to perform cross cuts with a circular saw , avoid pulling the saw apart . learn some tips for making cross cuts from a professional carpenter in this free video .
get the proper ingredients for making apple pie ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
when writing a contract , check with an attorney to make sure that the agreement is dated . write a contract and specify what parties are going to do during the process with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
there are various types of jeans that are less likely to fade with washing and wearing . learn more about making jeans softer with tips from a fashion designer in this free video on denim jeans .
hand sprayers are used for almost any kind of sprayer . learn about the parts of hand sprayers in this free video clip .
a mixed mashed potato recipe is a great way to enjoy the flavor of mashed potatoes . learn to make a mixed potato recipe with tips from a professional musician in this free video on music .
use local astronomy clubs and star parties to show off your telescope . learn more about buying a telescope for telescope use in this free home astronomy equipment video from a telescope designer and manufacturer .
learn tips and techniques for mastering the arm pressure pose and advanced arm balance yoga positions and stretches in this free how-to video on advanced yoga poses for arm balance .
the arm bar submission move is very painful on an opponent who is on the back . use arm bar moves with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
back pain relief at last ! exercise for backache- circular exercise . find out how to counter backaches with yoga poses and exercises in these free fitness videos .
to look taller and thinner with clothing , wear clothes that are in similar color tones to create an all-lining visual that 's willing to break with belts and fabrics . pick out clothes that flatter your legs and build a well-built body with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
when conducting a bike tour , try wearing cycling shoes with a clipless pedal to maximize comfort . learn more about the shoes and gear for bike tours with tips from a cycling tour guide in this free biking video .
when recharging a car 's air conditioner with a blower motor on high and the engine on high , the car needs to be set to coolant . learn about recharging coolant systems with refrigerant in this free car maintenance video .
massage movements , while focusing on the outer corners of the eye , will detox and remove puffiness . learn how to use massages to soothe tired eyes from a professional aesthetician in this free health and beauty video .
increase upright bass skill with minor scales . learn about playing upright bass d major scales and arpeggios in this free stringed instrument video from a jazz and classical bassist .
when drawing people , the basic idea is to have six heads and one body . draw people with tips from an illustrator and caricaturist in this free video on drawing and caricature art lessons .
looking up the ideas for a pastel painting is a good way to get ideas . become a pro with the drawing tips in this free art lesson video .
piano is one of the most versatile instruments that is able to set any mood . major 13th tensions are a part of that you will learn in this video .
when drawing fairies , draw a variety of styles and looks , including the human form and the fantastical wings . draw fairies with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
learn the basic fighting stances in kyokushin karate in this free martial arts training video from expert kyukushin self defense instructor tony capraro .
when making a clay casserole dish , remove air bubbles before putting it in the kiln . recycle clay for making a shard with tips from an artist in this free video on ceramics and pottery .
learn how to add the scent for soy candles with expert craft tips for making environmentally friendly , handmade soy candles .
a skateboarding nollie frontside 180 is riding in a switch position but fakie , which means riding backwards . learn how to do a frontside 360 on a skateboard from an instructor in this free skateboarding tricks video .
prescription teeth whitening products , like nite white , are very popular among discus brand teeth whiteners . learn more about taking care of teeth by using oral products with tips from a dentist in this free dental care video .
learn how to adjust the operating system of a pc to get rid of clutter and annoying problems with expert computer tips in this free home organization video clip .
when cleaning 4 x 5 camera film holders , blow out a can of air and wipe them down before loading . learn more about cleaning the film holders for a speed graphic large format vichy photographic camera in this free camera lesson from a professional photographer .
adjusting a six-pack or unicycle seat height is easy with these tips , get expert advice on unicycling and bike tricks in this free video .
exercise bands allow you to increase tension in your workout . learn how to do a bicep curl exercise in this free fitness and resistance training video lesson .
learn how to mix the chorus in a rap song in order to produce a hit rap track in this free video series that will have you creating rhythmic rap music in no time .
learn tips and techniques for playing blackjack from a professional casino dealer in this free gambling video .
how to use a water stop valve when making your own wine ; learn more about wine in this free instructional video .
already made a table leg , learn how to attach the apron piece to the table leg in this free carpentry and woodworking video .
use ceramic glaze test tiles to test tiles by opening a form and pulling clay from the center . learn to open a clay form with tips from a potter in this free video on ceramics .
to produce music at home , find a place to record vocals , such as a closet , a bathroom or a computer , and set up the microphones , vocal mics and sound boards in a small area . create a homemade music demo by recording vocals at home with lessons from a professional musician in this free video on
blood pressure is not intended to treat or diagnose any condition . learn more about what blood pressure is and how it can help you from a doctor in this free health video .
use dumbbells to do a straight leg dead lift exercise . discover workout tips to strengthen and tone your legs in this free training video .
laminating the first coat of resin on a surfboard ensures a smooth , professional surfboard . learn how to laminate resin on surfboards in this free surfing video about how to repair a surfboards .
fight oily skin by washing the face two or three times a day with a mild cleanser and oil-free moisturizer . keep hands away from the face when fighting oily skin with tips from a beauty editor in this free video on skin care .
fake eyelashes really bring out your eye makeup . learn tips for applying eyeliner to false lashes in this free video clip about how to apply false eyelashes .
learn how to read a crowd to make a comic laugh with expert stand-up comedy tips and techniques in this free comedy lesson video .
for artichoke pesto shrimp , the thyme needs to be cut along with the other spices . cut thyme for breading ginger garlic bread with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
making a mai thai cocktail requires a shaker filled with rum , dark rum , triple sec liqueur and grenadine syrup . learn to mix a ginger thai with tips from an expert bartender in this free drink mixing video .
for juggling three balls , columns are when two balls are thrown straight up and straight down . throw columns for three-ball juggling with tips from a professional juggler in this free video on hobbies .
hushra racing takes almost two to three days off from work . learn how from our professional driver in this free nhra racing video .
to choose a wedding videographer , write down any shots you want to have specifically done on your wedding day . learn about wedding videography from a professional in this free wedding video .
how to split the stems for making tropical flower arrangements ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
learn how to get off the back of your bike to get down a hill in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable off-road bike racer .
the 5-3 football defense is good for teams that swarm to the football together . run the 5- 3 defense with tips from a former college football player in this free video on football .
piano is one of the most versatile instruments that is able to set any mood . major 7th tensions are a part of that you will learn in this video .
the `` g '' in uncial calligraphy is written down as one stroke before the `` c '' and the `` a '' . learn how to write a lowercase `` g , in italic hand calligrapher style , with this free handwriting video from a callipino instructor .
gripping and tearing the groin are two attacks that women can use for self-defense . learn how to do groin attacks so you do n't get hurt in this free video clip from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
the one-to-one-half inch bounce is considered a medium curl formation . learn how to use a leave in detangler to make curly hairstyles with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free hair care video .
learn techniques for painting and decorating sneakers in this free video clip about how to apply the first layer of paint to sneakers .
in yoga , perform the torso twist with buddha arms exercise to improve the alignment of the shoulders . practice this wonderful exercise with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga exercises .
 maximize stretches before latin jazz dancing by straightening your legs and keeping them parallel . learn a few latin dance stretches from a choreographer in this free video .
 goto mounts help telescope users to recognize and use a point of reference . learn about goto mounts for telescopes in this free astronomy equipment video from a telescope salesperson .
a television producer 's hardest day revolves around a scene that involves multiple people jumping and losing their lives on a television screen . hear about this television producers ' hardest day in this free video on tv careers .
posture is very important for a marching band . learn tips on how to correctly stand for marching band in this free music video series .
for shrimp with curried onions , peel out the longer onions and put the sweet juice over the top . remove the lid and add the shrimp with tips from a professional chef in this free video series on culinary arts .
a popcorn snowman makes a great christmas decoration . learn how to hang balloon flowers for snowman garland in this free holiday decoration video .
daiginjo sake has been in popularity all over the world . learn more about the history of daigo sake in this free video about types of sake .
reproducing antique clocks are a good way to display your antique clocks . learn how to collect reproductions in this free video on collecting antique clocks presented by an antique clock collector .
prescription medication can always be used in a medicine machine as directed . learn more tips for using prescription medication in this free video .
take care of your clothes in fashion sketches . learn to draw clothes with tips from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
learn how to choose a sleeping bag , including what type are best for you , including foam pads and sleeping bags , in this free video series .
if you 're going to be testing yourself , wash your hands with soap and water to avoid contamination . learn how to take your home drug test at home in this free health video on the human immunodeficiency virus from a certified medical assistant .
snowboard mounting includes screwing hardware , bindings and a palsy head screwdriver . find out what snowboard mounting supplies are needed with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free extreme sports video .
you could have to come right out the back but you think it 's a little more dramatic if you have it come right off the top . learn how to make pipe cleaner rats from a professional art instructor in this free crafts video .
learn all about html and how to build your own website in this free computer programming video .
learn how to pick bagel crisp to make bruschetta with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian recipe video clip .
to read a rising sign in astrological signs , understand that the earth rotates one degree on it 's axis every four hours . discover the rising sign with tips from a professional astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
one of the best melodic stories is the story of murder , greed , corruption , exploitation and treachery . learn how to read and play this brilliant musical piece from a professional playwright in this free video .
trench coats should be double-breasted , have button closures and zip-out lining . learn how to pick trench coats for women in this free video on fashion tips for women over 30 .
courbet was an early proponent of realism in painting . learn more about the paintings of courbet at the budapest fine arts museum in this free art education and travel video from a director and tour guide at the museum .
a smile is a nice , cute addition to your baby 's mouth . learn how to crochet a smile for a baby with tips from a seamstress and craft expert in this free doll making video .
learn how to make contact with your child in this free video series that will keep your family and your kids happy , healthy and safe while visiting a theme or amusement park .
a double espresso is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
how to cut eggs for a spanish omelette ; get expert tips and advice on making traditional cuban breakfast recipes in this free cooking video .
cutting a pineapple using a serrated knife and how to prepare it to be cut for your skewers ; tips , tricks and cooking suggestions in this free online cooking video on ethnic food taught by an expert chef .
learn how to fold a shirt without getting wrinkled in this free traveling video on folding clothes in a suitcase .
picking a pig for showmanship is very important as the judge will look for bone structure , size , weight and appearance . learn how to win pig showmanship from a ffa member in this free animal husbandry video .
use yellow and rose together to paint the side of the house , in watercolor paintings . learn more about painting a house using watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
to put in hair extensions by yourself , glue the extensions to the scalp , secure them in place with clear , clean partings , pull the extensions across the root and check the clips with tips from a hair stylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
creating an origami fox puppet requires simply folding the top layer up into a triangle . create a dollar puppet origami model with instructions from a professional artist in this free crafts video .
learn how to make petals for an origami rose with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
build your prose performance with words that are similar to the way you would speak . learn how to build a prose performance from a professional speaker in this free video .
trying to memorize your dialog ? its easier than you though . learn tips for preparing for your on camera audition in this free video clip from a professional casting director .
the wasp filter in logic pro 8 allows users to adjust the parameters of the filters . find out how to use the low pass , high pass and low pass filters in the wasp recording software in this free video tutorial on music recording software from a professional musician .
line up a ceramic plate with a serrated rib tool . learn how to line up a plate with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
the pro tools keyboard shortcuts are great for efficient recording and mixing . learn tips on how to use them from a recording expert in this free video clip .
nose a hole in a double-walled pottery teapot by punching a hole to ensure that it will be enough to hold the tea . learn how to create a hole for the tea pot 's base with help from a professional potter in this free video on ceramics .
begin to woodturn a bowl on the lathe by putting the tool on the tool rest and bringing it into the wood . learn how to use a woodturning tool rest from a wood turning expert in this free crafts video .
save an excel file as an html file by clicking on the save menu in excel and then choosing html from the drop down menu . change excel files to html with tips from an assistant certified public accountant in this free video on microsoft excel .
a convertible collar design with the top down will often look like a basic collar design . learn more about drawing a convertible collar designs with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
use white , black , and red clown makeup to emphasize the eyes and mouth when applying clown makeup . learn more in this free educational video .
learn how to add eggs for a gourmet coffee cake recipe from our expert in this free baking video .
attaching the styrofoam to the top of your stage gives you extra support for the whole structure . learn about mounting a decorative picture frame border to your stage in this free crafts video .
when sanding a surfboard , start blocking out the deck . block out the surfboard deck using the tips in this free video on surfboards .
the seated side stretch is a great yoga pose for energizing the body and waking up . learn how to do this yoga pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
french braiding hair can either start in the middle or the very top of the hair and start from the middle and go underneath . start in and french braid hair , either going underneath or going underneath , with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
adjustment to output levels in photoshop in this free graphic design tutorial from an image manipulation expert .
learn to use the lotus ( virabhadrasana ) pose to stretch and open your hips to prepare you to put your foot behind your head , in this free yoga instruction video clip .
how to finish baking margarine and sugar for torte cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
so you want to be a great basketball player ? check out this free basketball warm up video and learn some tips from our pro .
how to touch-up your clay model after you 've created it for your chicken sculpture ; learn tips and techniques for sculpting in this free online art lesson about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
chinese people can eat with a bamboo set of chop sticks . learn about proper chinese food utensils from an international business consultant in this free etiquette video .
learn how to coat pita bread with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian recipe video clip .
learn the 4-4-1 in this free juggling video .
watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
learn how to back off of your foot in the cradle pose to stretch and open your hips to prepare you to put your foot behind your head , in this free yoga instruction video clip .
learn tips on the correct line to block a reverse trick play in this free video clip on american football .
a doggy paddle is a great swimming lesson for kids to learn how to swim , and it teaches new swimmers not to touch the floor . teach children how to use a paddle for swimming lessons with tips from a lifeguard in this free video swim lesson for children .
radio station interviewers should not wander away from the microphone during the broadcast . learn how to interview guests on a radio station in this free radio station overview from an experienced radio technician .
use a dry pottery gauge to help gauge the foot of a pottery mug . learn how to gauge a pot 's foot with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
making hair look thicker requires adding a few curls and teasing to create a volume boost . grow thicker hair with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
upright bass practice is very helpful when playing songs in 3-quarter time that are easy to learn . learn how to play part six of `` home on the range '' on upright bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
a ceramic teapot can be made off of a larger piece of clay in the potter 's wheel . learn how to make a handle for a pot on the pottery wheel in this free ceramics video .
the web site created in html should be saved on the desktop as an html file . learn how to organize an html website from a professional designer in this free web design video .
the time takes for tomato seeds to germinate is largely determined by the average temperature of the potting soil . learn how to get tomato seedlings germinating from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
learn from an expert how to use wall hangers to hang big pictures in this free interior design video on techniques and tips for hanging pictures .
 helmets are needed for cavers to safely cavers ; learn to cave safely in this free video on caving ( spelunking ) and recreation .
learn how to bind the script for a play with expert playwriting advice in this free play production and theater video clip .
learn how to use different types of acne treatments with expert skin care tips in this free beauty video clip .
learn to apply a foot polish scrub during a foot massage with advice from a certified massage therapist in this free video on alternative medicine treatments .
use curtain rods to block off an area from the window . learn how to remove curtains from a window to create a new computer desk space from a professional remodeler in this free home improvement video .
learn how to mix the seasonings for chicken cacciatore and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert chef karl james .
double hand grabs should be avoided . learn how to get out of a double hand grab in this free video about self defense techniques for women .
open turns are great for beginners who are not very competitive in swimming . learn how to do open turns on the freestyle stroke in this free swimming lesson video from an expert on health and fitness .
to acknowledge the audience , or the puppet itself , it is important to acknowledge them . learn how to make theater puppets interact with the audience from a professional puppeteer in this free arts and crafts video .
yoga 's boat pose involves balancing on the sitting bones , while wrapping the arms around the backs of the legs . learn advanced yoga poses and twists like the boat pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
the sand wedge is almost the workhorse of your game . learn how to use a sand wedge from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
how to make a cheesecake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
when visiting new orleans music , stop by preservation hall to hear about this unique musical style . learn about the jazz fest of old orleans city in this free video from a crescent city resident .
learn how to approach a bmx peg manual with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
use a safety pin when you coil the three strips together . learn how to make a braided rug out of recycled jeans in this free home decor video .
clean up the equipment used to paint a living room bathroom , including the brush and access paint , before painting . paint a bathroom with tips and techniques from a professional painting contractor in this free video on home decor .
learn how to install the front plates to your garage wall outlet in this free diy garage remodel video .
get tips on how to add the red wine when making rabbit stew and more in this free cooking video about game taught by an expert chef .
supta padangusthasana i in zen yoga stretches the front of the leg and the back extended leg up . learn supine yoga poses like supta padongsthuasana i from a certified instructor in this free yoga video .
when sculpting a teenager 's head from clay , a drop cloth or textile tissue are helpful . learn about cutting slabs of clay to sculpt a teenager from clay in this free video art lesson on sculpture .
learn about the different types of car car seats in this free video on child safety seats .
maintaining your performance art collection is a good way to get tax breaks . learn to get performance art materials for the arts in this free conceptual art video .
wondering if you want to fly woolly buggers ? learn about the supplies and equipment you need for fly tying in this free video .
the highest value of any die side is the ace . learn about hand rankings in poker dice in this free dice games video from a successful poker player .
it is important to have a hospitable environment for crops to grow in the hoop house . farm and care for plants correctly and safely with these spring gardening preparation tips from an experienced farmer in this free video .
find out how to spleen six for heat related symptoms of chinese medicine with this free video from an acupuncturist and herbalist .
the southern gin cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
watch an expert martial artist explain the benefits of performing a back bend move in this free video clip .
spindle boxes are a montessori activity that helps children identify different parts of the body . learn how to use spindle boxes in this free educational video clip about teaching visual skills to preschoolers .
like many model cars , these cars have excellent workmanship . learn how to see model cars from our expert in this free video series .
spray the inside of the legs so that you do n't get an over-spray . learn more about how to spray spray the inside legs with tips from a beautician in this free sunless tanning video .
when packing for a day hike , the first thing to include is a back pack that 's comfortable for comfort and emergency . pack properly for a hiking trip with tips from a backpacking guide in this free video on camping and hiking .
learn about checking a surfboard 's color before glassing from a professional surfboard shaper in this free surfing video .
setting up an iron to sort clothes quickly and easily is a great way to show off your skill . learn about ironing and other tips on laundry and clothing care in this free video .
learn about the different types of dog collars to use for the better behavior of dogs in this free video .
when planting sod in the wintertime , make sure to put at least two , three inches of compost or potting soil above clay , sand or whatever that needs to be planted . plant planting in the spring or fall with tips from an experienced gardener in this free video on planting flowers and gardening .
use the forehand to practice volleys from the extreme angle in tennis . learn how to play beginner tennis from our expert instructor in this free sports video .
how to assemble your woodworking project ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on woodworking tools in this free instructional video .
the sound package includes a mix and transmitter and receiver . learn about sound packages for a video camera in this free video on studio equipment for photography .
learn how to finish up the tail of the origami cat with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
the hot sauce makes the salsa more versatile and faster to regulate . learn how to make chorizo barbecue pork from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
a finger joint is made from plywood that cuts slots for finger joints . learn how to make a finger joint for a table saw in this free woodworking video .
stretch forward in pilates by sitting up nice and tall and pulling the abdominal muscles in . learn to do the spine stretch forward pilates exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
shape a large ceramic cylinder by pulling up the walls and compressing the sides . learn how to shape a cylinder with expert tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
learn how to keep your dog on a leash not pulling your dog in this free dog training video .
protein can be an important part of medical science . learn how and why blood protein is drawn and how to make it from our medical expert in this free video clip .
how to pick a good pot for house plants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for indoor plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
racking the balls is universal in billiards . learn how to rack the balls in this free video clip about how to play nine ball .
using a solid headboard for support and two lamps adds love in feng shui bedrooms . get tips for buying two lamps for bedrooms in this free interior design video from a leading practitioner .
use the stay command to keep a dog from entering a certain area when walking in the street . learn how to teach a dog to stay in this free pet training video .
a lateral bosu ball bound weight-training exercise can increase leg strength , hamstring , calves and glutes . discover how to do weight training with with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video about weight-improvement programs .
learn from our expert how to do an arm swing exercise to warm-up for a back handspring in this free instructional video on doing back handsprings .
learn how to spin the wheel down after replacing your shocks with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
a spinning top is a slightly more advanced origami model that is fun to create anywhere . learn tips from an origami expert on how to finish folding this model in this free video clip .
johann sebastian bach is a famous violinist who wrote a wide range of orchestral music . learn about bach with tips from a violinist in this free music education video .
learn from our expert how to add the sofrito with expert tips and advice on arroz con pollo in this free cooking recipes video on making recipes .
use sticky keys in windows by pressing the ctrl , alt and delete keys on a computer . navigate windows with sticky keys with tips from a software developer in this free video on computer training .
dragons , chalk , and scissors are necessary for sewing piping . learn what supplies you need for piping in this free sewing video .
sculpting a duck decoy from clay requires a variety of materials . learn about clay materials you 'll need for clay sculpture in this free online art lesson on video .
learn how to plate falafel following this easy greek video recipe .
the dragonfly body will be cut into strips that are about an inch and a half to two inches wide . learn how to make a paper dragonfly in this free crafts video .
learn some great tips on the correct way to beat a reverse play as a defensive end in this free video clip on football .
using a click track on a beat box is easy with these tips , get expert advice on rhythm machines and beats in this free video .
the head-to-knee pose is a great cool down exercise after running and lunging . cool down with tips from an aerobics instructor in this free video on fitness .
how to choose dj headphones ; get expert tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
the mid layer needs not be cotton , synthetic , or wool . check out the backpacking tips in this free video on camping and hiking .
kickboxers combine a front kick , rear leg round kick and spinning side kick to defeat opponents or attackers in a sparring match or competition . learn kickboxing fighting combinations such as this combo in this free martial arts video .
in juggling , the two-ball pass-on trick in one hand requires the juggler to stay in the middle . practice juggling two balls with tips from an experienced performer in this free juggling video .
use a reference point in pastel painting to establish definition . learn to establish a definition with pastel paint in this free painting lesson from a professional artist .
learn how to do basic steps with a partner when dancing the mambo in this free video dance lesson .
leprechauns are often seen wearing green shirts , and some shirts are too traditional for a party . pick out a green shirt for a leprechingaun costume with tips from a makeup artist in this free video on making costumes .
what causes a child to lose control ? learn how to teach and understand the behavior of children in this free video on parenting and education .
as with any sport , tennis is a game that requires a great deal of practice . learn how to help yourself improve your game in this free tennis lesson from a tennis instructor .
learn how to install drawer fronts for a dresser in this free diy woodworking video .
make popular holiday drinks for yourself , family , and friends ! learn how to make this frosty egg nog drink recipe with expert tips in this free video .
learn a flashy footwork move called cc 's in this free video clip . once you get this , you can go to more tricks .
to jazz up a pair of slippers , use silk flowers to give them a flower . use flowers to decorate slippers with tips from an accessory designer and former retail buyer in this free video on fashion crafts .
outlining a cyanotype flower can be tricky . learn how to touch up an exposed flower in this free photography video about how to make cyanotype prints .
a nollie lip slide is another variation of a lip slide on a quarter pipe . get tips on learning a lip side lip slide from a professionally sponsored skateboarder in this free skateboarding video .
when warming up with a barbell workout , it 's important to do a smooth dead lift exercise to loosen up all of the muscle groups . warm up with barbell exercises with tips from a professional trainer in this free video on personal fitness .
trying to be a ninja ? watch this free video clip about ninja side neck strikes from a professional ninjutsu trainer .
cleaning up the excess clay makes a large ceramic platter easier to work with . learn how to clean up excess clay with expert tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
firefighters use tools such as nylon webbing to tie girths or hoist up hoses quickly . see gear , such as webbing , firefighters use and find out how they use nylon when fighting fire or removing a victim from a vehicle in this free video featuring a professional firefighter .
restorative yoga is a great way to calm the nervous system and cultivate inner stillness . learn restorative yoga from a certified instructor in this free yoga video .
form flowers are thicker and more pliable than tulips and daffodils . learn about adding form flowers for a spring flower arrangement in this free floral arrangement video from a florist .
learn how to do an inversion table workout from a professional personal trainer in this free health and fitness video .
learn fashion tips for plus size women in this free video clip about gowns for full figured women .
when installing a vinyl fence , continue mixing concrete to the hole with water until the right depth is reached . learn how to connect the posts to posts for a solid fence from a professional contractor in this free home improvement video .
you can customize a vehicle 's graphics with vinyl edging tape . learn how to apply vehicle decals and graphics from a professional in this free automotive video .
in math , the absolute value of a number is its distance from zero , which means that x equals negative four . solve absolute value equations with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
rhythm and technique on the mandolin is very important and picking with the left hand is one of the most common tones used . learn tips on how to do this technique correctly from a mandolin player in this free video clip .
bibliography is useful in research projects . learn what type of material to use when writing a bibliography from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
learn how to make a pop-up paper balloon in this free birthday gift video .
easy craft masks ! learn how to make a paper butterfly mask in this free video clip about easy craft masks for kids .
learn about checking the plane before taking off in this free how to fly video .
understanding the object of eight-ball pool is easy with these tips , get expert advice on pool and billiards in this free video .
learn to play 12/8ths african drum patterns with off beats and on the beat then off the beat . free video drum lessons featuring a professional drummer and drum teacher !
the tree pose is a chair yoga exercise that senior citizens can use to strengthen their ankles . learn more about the tree pose and chair yoga from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
black paint can gobble up and dominate a painting . learn how to paint rocks in a seascape in this free video .
learn chinese break character strokes with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language teacher in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
how to make a basic doggy pattern in this free instructional video on pop-up gifts and cards . .
when playing keyboards in a band , timing and listening to the drummer are important . learn to play keyboards together and listen to the rhythm in this free music lesson video .
when buying a chainsaw , purchase a larger model that has longer blades , more teeth and will work on small trimming jobs . buy chainsaws with tips from an experienced handyman in this free video on home remodeling supplies .
gesso is used as a surface to be painted on top of when oil painting the canvas . learn how to stretch and prepare a canvas for oil painting from a professional artist in this free video .
asian food can be some of the best for you . learn about the ingredients to make pot sticker soup in this free video clip on healthy asian recipes .
try to not be flat-footed when doing the irish tap step . learn about irish steps from a dance teacher in this free video on intermediate tap dancing .
enjoying a christmas holiday with your family . learn about the christmas traditions in denmark in this free holiday video .
the best handmade cards and envelopes ! learn how to make a creative pop-up heart card from scratch in this free video .
downward dog is a great yoga pose for energizing the body and waking up in the morning . learn how to do the downward dog yoga pose with tips from yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
logic pro has a verb feature that allows the user to addverb to a track separate from the bus . record , mix and edit songs with the best of them using these tips from an experienced music producer in this free video .
adding a realistic animal shape to your cartoon drawing including hooves , legs and a bear body ; learn tips , tricks and more about cartooning in this free art video about drawing cartoons taught by expert daniel bissell .
a router over bit is flush with the router plate . learn how to do a router over a router with a router in this free woodworking video .
you may have wood bubbles in your wood furniture . find out how to fix wood scratches in this free woodworking lesson from a wood furniture restoration expert .
cross a soccer ball in order to penetrate and attack a teammate who is on the other side of the field . cross a teammate with tips from a soccer coach in this free video on soccer .
hide thick arms by wearing clothing that is not close to the arms to camouflage the area , and by wearing jackets that hit in the top part of the arms . pick out a sweater or jacket to camouflage thick arms with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
the drum part for `` come together '' by ringo starr , aka john lennon , has a simple beat that gets tedious . learn how to play the first part of this song in this free cover songs and drum lesson video .
you pet owner should always be the leader of the pack ; learn how to train your dog to be the dominate one in this free pet obedience video .
a healthy alternative to eating backwards is to include five servings of fruits and vegetables every day . make sure to eat this nutritious food with tips from a health and wellness consultant in this free video on a healthy diet .
start with the glute bridge and move to the triceps sit . learn how to do the weekend warrior workout in this free exercise and fitness video .
on the saxophone , a c major phrygian mode is a scale that begins on the third note of the c major scale . play the phryggio in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced music instructor in this free video saxophone lesson .
use sandpaper to help your child identify numbers . learn how to use sandpaper numerals in this free educational video about montessori counting methods .
if the ball is kicked you have to wait for the ball to be kicked , get expert tips and advice on soccer rules and moves in this free video .
incorporating ride cymbal syncopation into a blues drum beat is a great way to accent a change in the rhythm . learn some tips from a drumming expert on how to do this basic rock drum technique in this free video clip .
toggle between beats with this logic pro feature . learn about sustain options in logic pro 8 software in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
learn how to apply old age makeup to make someone look like an elderly person with tips and techniques from this free video .
learn how to play and teach an equations game for practicing math with expert teaching tips in this free online kids math games video clip .
the most common problem with partial dentures is being too loose and moving around . learn about other partial denture problems from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
what is the beastie rap game in hip hop ? learn how to play improv games in this free video on theatre acting .
the high hat is the timekeeper of the drum kit . learn how to play it well with a french grip in this free video .
looking for a new camera for your camera display ? learn tips for using a camera in this free video clip about the basics of a canon xh a1 video camera .
playing mandolin scales is easy with these finger pattern tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
the aikido tekubi tori hantai wrist grab defense is a great martial art for changing an opponents line of attack to defend against opposite wrist grabs . watch this free video clip and learn how to avoid and take down an opponent as they try a wrist grab .
start slow moving the water to get a hard edge when painting a lighthouse . learn how to paint a lighthouse watercolor painting from a professional artist in this free painting video .
what equipment is needed for jump rope training ? learn about equipment requirements for a boxing gym in this free video on training for boxers .
portrait mode automatically adjusts when you take more photos . learn about automatic portrait modes with the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
how to remove moisture from hair highlights ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn how to use compression effects with home recording studio equipment . get tips on how to direct a recording session in this free video .
eb played with the first finger higher on the g string is the sixth or octave scale degree of a g harmonic minor violin scale . play the natural octave mode in the key of g minor with tips and advice from an experienced musician and violinist in this free video on music theory .
teach your kids how to defend against the double wrist grab attack and other kidnapping techniques . learn how to protect yourself against it first with martial arts training techniques in this free video clip then show your kids .
how to import your home videos to dvd in this free home movie video .
learn what ingredients you 'll need to cook cajun recipe crawfish etouffee in this free online video lesson .
use a burnt umber and yellow paint to enhance the eyes when painting the image of a girl using watercolors . learn more about tweaking the eyes and creating a girl watercolor painting from a professional artist in this free painting video .
the pressing block in praying mantis style is using the palm with an open hand . use a pressing block with tips from a black belt instructor in this free kung fu video .
there are many types of tuxedos available to wear , including linen and cuff links . learn how to draw a linen look suit for men from a professional tuxedo player in this free video .
using light weights , learn how to do lunges with overhead shoulder presses in this free fitness video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
get a conclusion to yoga body sculpting for pregnant women with tips from a yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
writing rap music can be difficult . learn to make a good rap record featured in this free video clip .
how to pick a curling iron diameter for styling a curly hair up-do ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn how to use flexible weapons in hapkido martial arts in this free martial arts video from our expert master david herbert .
nant women should get a lot of diet supplements to help with their baby 's nutrition . learn how to stay healthy pregnant women with diet tips from registered dietitian in this free baby care video .
link juggling tricks and techniques by carefully thinking about how they flow and how you can improve your juggling routine . learn how to link tricks with tips from a juggler in this free video on juggling tricks .
before sanding a bowl , make sure to stop and inspect the bowl before moving on to the next grit . learn more about stopping and inspecting a bowl from a woodturning specialist in this free crafts video .
learn how to prepare your legs for shaving with expert grooming tips in this free hair removal video clip .
diagnosing a car 's cooling system is as simple as checking the thermostat and radiator . check the hoses and radiator for over-heating or blocking radiator holes with help from an auto mechanic in this free video on car repair and diagnostics .
how to prepare clay for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
eyelash tinting is a process of cleansing and cleaning the eye area , using a cotton pad or vitamin dyes to apply a color and then rinsing the area thoroughly to color the eyelashes . begin tinting colored eyelashes , being delicate and delicate , with information from an experienced cosmetologist
do the bo staff cross strike technique using a yin and yang grip . get bo staff technique tips for doing a cross strike in this free video on bo staff techniques .
to change a flat bike tire , undo the valve stem , remove the valve cap and then remove the tube . fix a flat bicycle tire with tips from a bicycle mechanic in this free video on bike maintenance and repairs .
what is a kwl chart ? learn from an expert teacher how to teach a child to read by reading aloud in this free child-development video .
the rainbow kick is a sweet soccer move you can learn to get by the defender , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills and tricks in this free video .
learn about how to properly push pull a 640mm handgun in this free handgun and firearms video series .
learn how to add wine to make picadillo con arroz with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
sweep picking is a guitar technique that adds a bit more character to your musical progression . learn to play with sweep picking in b minor from a seasoned musician in this free guitar video .
by using a fan brush to identify important strokes in your wall mural painting ; learn this and more in this free online painting video about wall murals taught by expert artist ian loveall .
use a wooden drill bit to drill a hole in wood by getting a good grip on the drill , pushing down and pulling on the trigger . push down and pull the trigger when drilling a hole with tips from a general contractor in this free home maintenance video .
pink lemonade is a mixed alcoholic drink that contains vodka , cranberry juice , lemon juice , a dash of lime juice and a garnish . create this wonderful beverage with tips from a bartender in this free video on bartending drinks .
with the different types of wine , cheeses tend to have a high level of fat and protein . learn how to pair cheeses with wine in this free video from a professional wine sommelier .
rock drum beats can be simple but they can get very advanced with a few additions and off beats . learn some tips from a drum expert on how to do basic rock drum beats in this free video clip .
selling a song on the violin is a great way to show off your technique and technique . learn how to sell out a song in this free video on stage performance .
learn how to use the whalebone glider artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
push-up weight lifting exercises work the triceps , back and chest muscles . use proper push-up posture with tips from a personal trainer in this free weight lifting video .
learn how to correctly and quickly read a half bend guitar tab in this free video series that will have you fluently reading guitar tabs in no time .
the base , which holds the water , and the down stem , which filters out the fumes . learn about hookah parts with tips from a hookah bar owner in this free video on hookah smoking .
in a chord chart for guitar it is important to know the numbers of the strings . learn more about reading a guitar chord chart with expert tips in this free guitar video .
in jujitsu , incorporate punches , full shoulder rotation and the arm bear to finish off an effective street fight . learn to finish a street fight with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujutsu .
belly dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn how to do press downs in this free video clip on egyptian dancing .
how to clean your skin to apply high fashion makeup ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetics like you see in fashion magazines and fashion shows in this free beauty video .
start knitting in the purl continental style by starting the yarn in the left hand and placing it through the front of the needles . stitch stitches off of a needle in american knitting with help from an experienced knitter in this free video on knitting .
for this all-star sharp motion pep rally dance , be careful not to suggestive with your hips . learn the first six count of great pep rallies in this free cheerleading and dancing video .
tools you will need to install a custom air intake on your car ; learn how from our expert mechanic in this free auto-maintenance video .
before starting a stained glass pattern , cut the glass . learn how to cut stained glass for patterns in this free video about preparing glass for stained glass crafts .
adjusting the intensity and axis of lights in after effects . learn how to create lights using adobe after effects software in this free video editing tutorial from a film production professor .
learn how to use moshi moshi in japanese when you are conversing with someone in this free video .
antonio lucio vivaldi was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play line eleven of this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video .
learn how to sight read in the key of g flat for improving your playing and improvisational skills on the piano in this free video clip series .
watch and learn from our expert how to attach the thread when fly tying in this free how-to video on fly tying tips and techniques .
in at home , you 're establishing a point and trying to hit it . learn how to play craps without betting in this free gaming video .
learn how to clean a car bumper before painting with expert painting tips in this free online car repair video clip .
find out what causes restless legs syndrome , and what treatments can be used to treat them with expert medical tips in this free health care video clip .
ironing the back of a shirt removes excess pleats and creates a more natural look to the shirt . iron a shirt with expert tips in this free clothing care video .
a dog owner should focus on the dog when preparing for tricks . learn more about preparation for dog tricks with tips from a professional dog trainer in this free pet care video .
the eight directions in a tai chi form are important for orienting the body and determining where to move . learn more about orienting a grid from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
how alcohol can affect menopause and why drinking is so important in this free medical video .
in order to erase everything from a computer system , the best way to do that is to reformat my drive and reinstall the operating system . erase everything permanently and safely with tips from an it and computer specialist in this free video on computer technology .
the arm brush can be done off of practically any part of your body . learn how to do freestyle frisbee arm brushes from a world champion in this free sports video .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
get an introduction to using a paint brush when painting walls in this free instructional video clip .
how to use dj channel volume ; get professional tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
learn how to add crayfish to cook cajun recipe crawfish etouffee in this free online video lesson .
ollie mistakes can be common when learning to ollie in small steps . learn some tips to help avoid mistakes with tips from a professional skateboarder in this free skateboarding video .
changeup throws in baseball by taking the speed off of the fastball . throw a changeup with tips from a former major league baseball pitcher in this free video on baseball .
exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . here is a free video on bosu ball crunches to help you in your operation fit !
when doing senegalese sabar dance baar mbaye waiting moves , point the toes up and flops against the chest to perform a twisty foot move . try senegalses sabar hip movements with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video series on
in women 's self-defense , a psycho-style knife attack is a common attack that is coming downward . defend against knife attacks with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on bo staff techniques .
the advantages of organic gardening include not using chemicals and fertilizers , not killing all the bugs and not leaving chemicals behind . discover the disadvantages of an organic garden with tips from a gardening specialist in this free video on plant and flower care .
learn how to dry the inside of a cappuccino mug in this free ceramics video lesson .
learn how to attach backing to christmas tree angels in this free homemade ornament video from a christmas crafts expert .
focusing on a subject or pose ; learn techniques and pro tips for great photographs in this free video on shooting different styles of photography .
should you buy a car stereo amplifier or a more expensive one ? learn tips from our stereo expert on the differences between price of car stereo amplifiers in this free video clip on stereo systems .
everything you need to know about healthy eating . learn how to shop for healthy foods to improve your diet and nutrition in this free video .
watch and learn from an expert how to do a lunge exercise for the lower body in this free fitness video on lower body cross training exercises .
the visual flight rules , or vfr pilots are required to fly in high weather conditions , such as low visibility . learn about piloting in low weather conditions in this free video .
scraping gives a wax sculpture a different shape . carve a rough head from wax with a professional artist in this free sculpting video .
when buying a computer , look at the price range of the computer and the compatibility of the system . purchase a computer with tips from the owner of a software store in this free video on computers .
pilates is one of the most popular workouts in the world today . learn tips on the pile driver exercise for your workout in this free video clip .
there are many accessories that can make biking more enjoyable and make your bike riding easier . learn more about bike accessories from a bike consultant in this free video .
easy potpourri gifts for friends and family ! learn how to prepare oil with expert tips on making fragrant potpourria in this free video clip .
learn about knowing and running the 800m sprint from our expert on running in this free instructional video on running and training for 800m running .
when doing the double jump in senegalese sabar ras dancing , open up the legs and add a string pull to the rhythm . find out how to do a double jump with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video on dancing .
be the life of the party . learn how to make balloon flower in this free childrens party entertainment video from an expert on twisting and folding balloon animals .
learn how to sew the ribbon for a dress in this free clothing repair video from our mending and sewing expert .
there are many benefits to being a house plant such as helping the environment . get tips on caring for cacti and other plants from an expert in this free gardening video .
the casino cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
learn how to do the diamond pose with japanese shiatsu massage to relieve tension and stress with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
if you 're trying to get shadows and skin tone , adding a color that complements the color tones will dull out the grayish brown . learn to create complimentary colors from a professional artist in this free video .
there are many things to say when buying a dog . learn about advice and ideas for buying your first dog in this free pet care video .
iamonds come in a variety of shapes and sizes . learn which clarity is best for you in this free diamond video .
learn tips for using candles in witchcraft in this free witchcraft for beginners video clip .
links on web pages can be set to match the text of the web page . code a border on an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
piercing a naval requires first being done by a professional , cleaning the utensils and jewelry , inserting a dry piercing and inserting a surgical lubrication into the new hole . safely pierce a naval , using only the proper licensing and certification , with tips from a licensed piercer in this free video on
the fruity loops sampler function menu allows you to adjust the delay . learn more about using the sampling menu in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loop ) studio from an expert in music recording .
massage techniques for a facial moisturize the skin and promote better health . learn moisturizing techniques for facials with tips from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
there are many brands of mattresses on the market , including spring air , which makes the four seasons and which uses natural fiber . learn about mattresses with tips from the owner of a mattress store in this free video on how to buy a mattress .
create a new template in outlook 2007 by selecting the `` save as '' option in outlook 2003 , selecting a file name and choosing the `` user templates '' option from the list of templates . find out how to configure user templates for outlook with the computer tips in this free video from an internet business consultant .
create a beach scene for your beach scene ! learn how to paint letters with a second color in this free arts and crafts video .
women can use weight training to fight diseases like osteoporosis and osteoarthritis . discover how to do weight training for women with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video about weight-training programs .
learn the basic forward back step for salsa mia dancing in this free instructional video on beginning latin dance .
learn about sewing the front pocket for cloth grocery bags with expert crafting tips from an expert clothes designer in this green living and recycling video clip .
glue carefully to the clothing before adding rhinestones to clothes ; learn to embellish t-shirts and sweatshirts in this free clothes embellishing video .
how to hand sand a wood project ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on woodworking tools in this free instructional video .
for patch art , players should cut the patch below the knee to create a border around the right size . design and create unique patch art with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
potatoes are sauteed in a tablespoon of oil in a saute pan . find out how to prepare potatoes with cooking tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
look for broccoli that is really green . learn about broccoli at a grocery store or supermarket in this free video on fresh produce and vegetables .
freestyle frisbee throws under the leg are great to generate a lot of spin during your working out routines . learn how to do freestyle frrisbee over the leg wrist flips from a world champion in this free sports video series .
learn how to transfer photos using a light box in this free instructional video art lesson
deleting midi notes is one of the easiest things to do in the pro tools midi editing interface . erase those notes to continue playing with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
learn about open a tuning for dobro slide guitar in this free dobro guitar video .
telescopes can be used in a finder scope to help a home telescope user see the night sky . learn about finder scopes for telescopes in this free video on home astronomy from a telescope salesperson .
learn how to cream the eggs with the sugar when making mocha filled wonder cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
a proper golf grip is for a right-handed golfer to place the right hand at the base of the club and the left hand at top . grip a golf club properly with tips from a golf instructor in this free video on golf .
transitioning into warrior one pose from yoga can be challenging for the back leg and flexibility of the hip . learn to transition from warrior one to warrior two pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
double crunches involve the upper and lower body . learn how to do a double crunch with a stability ball in this free fitness video .
a foam roll can be used as a treatment for shoulder pain . learn more about using a foam roll for shoulder relief with tips from an acupuncturist in this free health video .
to build lean body mass , exercise to stimulate growth and energy expenditure , eat a healthy , well-balanced diet and engage in a lots of physical activity . build lean muscle mass with tips from a fitness director in this free video on healthy exercise .
fleas can come from outside of the home , or can be a potential flea carrier . learn more about the history of fleas with tips from a pet industry specialist in this free video on fleas and pest control .
want natural makeup ? learn how to apply loose translucent powder for natural makeup in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
there are many types of snowboard , including women 's , half pipe , and alpine . learn more about snowboard types with tips from a snowboarding instructor in this free video on snowboarding .
learn how to prepare the pan for this smothered chicken with maque choux casserole in this free cooking video from our cajun expert .
to clean up after spray tanning , hold the hands up on the spray tan and wipe off the palms with the palms . learn more about how to spray tan clean up with tips from a beautician in this free sunless tanning video .
the blues saxophone blues scale pattern is a popular progression in the key of d flat . play a blues scale on the saxophone with tips from a saxophone instructor in this free video music lesson .
when massaging the trapezius muscles , use deep pressure and a rolling motion in order to loosen up the muscles . learn more about massaging trapezuis muscles from a masseur in this free massage video .
learn from our expert about the ingredients for making chocolate chip cookies in this free recipe video on making your own holiday cookie tree .
how to touch up fake eyelashes ; get professional tips and advice on beauty makeup and women 's cosmetics in this free instructional video .
looking for new dance moves ? watch this free video lesson and learn the brazilian samba forro dance step .
the cost of eyebrow waxing can vary depending on the type of facility the waxing is used at . learn more about eyebrow wax price with tips from a hairstylist in this free video on beauty care .
never talk about five-card draw , it 's a draw game , and you need to play tight rather than loose . learn how to play fivecard draw poker in this free gaming video .
to determine if it 's muscle or fat , assess body-fat caliber , water tanks and swabris to figure out how much blood is pushed into the muscle , or it is laying underneath . determine whether or not your body is pliable , or flat , with tips from an experienced fitness and exercise
how to set up a dj mixer ; get expert tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
how to compare e-commerce sites ; get expert tips and advice on shopping for clothes on the internet in this free shopping video .
learn from an expert about the benefits of home schooling in this free home schooling video from an experienced teacher and education curriculum expert .
the ahhh sample is probably in commercials , on tv and other places , so you can get a feel for this type of sample . learn how to scratch with a dj in this free dj scratching video lesson from a experienced disk jockey and music teacher .
crane cards are simple origami models that are fun to create anywhere . learn tips from an origami expert on how to fold this model in this free video clip .
glue sticks are helpful for quick adhesions on collage pieces . select glue sticks for collage with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
 muscle muscle testing is also called muscle response testing . learn about different types of muscle testing from a certified physical therapist in this free health video .
learn tips for potting orchids in this free online gardening video clip .
want to make custom tshirts ? learn tips for making a stencil in this free video clip about how to paint a t-shirt with stencils .
understand how to properly wash a newborn baby 's bath in this free video on baby care , health and safety .
learn how to give a professional spa manicure in this free online instructional video series , including tips for removing cuticles .
learn how to identify the market value for a barbie doll in this free toy collecting video .
playing mandolin scales is easy with these finger pattern tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
in kung fu , begin with the feet together and a hooking step with the foot to perform the inside crescent kick and spearing kick combination . execute this powerful attack combo with tips from a professional kin fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
wire and light are necessary for wiring on a utility trailer . learn what tools are needed to wire and light a trailer from a certified mechanic in this free automotive video .
learn how to press out for massage therapy using expert tips on massages in this free online video clip .
wear warm based on conditions like that of an adaptive skier . learn about adaptive skiing with tips from an expert winter sports instructor in this free video .
how to season the meat for arroz con gandules , an authentic puerto rican meal , ; learn this and more tips and preparation tips in this free online cooking video from chef donn ovshak , expert chef !
drag your plant life and get tips for adding glitter to houseplants in this free gardening and green thumb video .
learn what types of scale model cars are on the market in this free video series that will having you building pristine model cars in no time .
a circular saw is a versatile tool that can do a variety of cuts . learn more about the parts of a circular saw in this free woodworking series from an expert carpenter .
how to add matte blush for applying makeup like the singer alicia keys ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
learn how to repair electronic drum pads , and how to tell if your electronic drum pad is broken in this free drum electronic drum video music lesson .
the counting game can be a fun and cute game for little ducks . learn the family song `` mother duck '' from a deaf performer in this free puppetry video .
as performance artists , it 's important to stay current , to be part of society and to engage in society . learn to be a performance artist in this free conceptual art video .
starting with a small , barely noticeable heel , create a gladiator sandal to hold the shoes in place . learn to draw gladiator shoes in this free fashion video from a fashion design graduate student .
dentures are removable replacement for teeth , but they can be found with a plastic element or with a metal cast arm . learn about more features of dentures from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
massage therapists can use reference books , such as massage therapy and medications , to help them learn how to deal with illnesses and other medications . find out how to use massage therapy , and pharmacology , to reference a client with tips from a massage therapist in this free video on massage therapy .
the chorus effect in fl studio makes one item sound like many . learn tips for working with the chorus in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
home beer-brewing counter flow wort chillers come in two different styles . get more information on beer-home beer equipment from a master brewer in this free video on beverage making .
how to chop onion for curry phyllo triangles ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic curry recipe in this free cooking video .
making a myspace profile is easy with these tips , get expert advice on myspace pictures , profiles , graphics and layouts in this free video .
how to make indian pakora ; learn more about making traditional indian food in this free cooking video .
origami flower styles are very similar to the traditional iris . learn how to fold an origami iris variation in this free origami video from a professional origami instructor .
using a sharpie to trace onto your stained glass design ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson video about glass painting taught by expert jason painter .
learn what hands are not a good hand in crazy pineapple poker in this free video series that will show you how to master this poker variation in no time .
there are four different types of hearing aid batteries . get tips for replacing hearing aids batteries from an audiologist in this free dental health video .
the continental way to knit and the american way is easier with advice from a professional knitting instructor in this free video on knitting basics for beginners .
how to cut pork for making chinese hot and sour soup ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making traditional chinese recipes in this free cooking video .
learn how to throw an uppercut in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin karate instructor tony capraro .
understand what high blood pressure and normal blood pressure are and how exercise can help lower them with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
learn how to play kali from the creator of kali in this free gaming video .
how to fill pasta shells for making italian stuffed shells pasta and more about making traditional italian food in this free cooking video .
ca n't scrape together the cash for a birthday clown ? no problem , let our expert show you how to make a balloon elephant trunk in this free video clip .
find out how to properly roast your garlic in this free video recipe .
how to use a green onion ; learn more about green , yellow , and spring onions in this free cooking video .
when grabbing nunchucks , be sure to grab the arm at a 90 degree angle . use nunchuck hand control in order to grab someone 's arm with tips from a third-degree black belt in this free martial arts weapons video .
how to file your federal income taxes online using the irs homepage in this free video tutorial .
when knitting a scarf , knit into the front and back of the stitch . increase yarn in knit scarves with tips from a professional knitting instructor in this free video about how to knit .
the ukulele is a four-string instrument that is tuned to nylon with two tuning pegs on each side . learn more about ukele guitar parts and guitar anatomy from a musician in this free guitar video .
learn how to use a dots worksheet to teach kids kindergarten math in this free kindergarten education video clip .
hit the heavy bag with the right foot first . learn about the basics of boxing footwork , techniques , steps , and movements in this free video for boxers .
when cleaning a bathroom floor , use elbow grease to loosen up the dirt and avoid a build-up . clean bathroom floor dirt with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
the f stop controls the amount of light that comes into the camera to hit the film or sensor . learn how to use f stops in photography in this free video on photography lighting techniques from a professional photographer .
learn about getting over walls in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
start drawing a cartoon flea by drawing a hairy football body . learn to draw cartoon fleas from a profession cartoonist in this free drawing video .
check out cracked wheat , rolled oats , and brown rice in this free video on whole grain cereal tips .
looking for fun improv comedy games ? learn how to play ``painbirds '' on the drums in this free video clip about playing a rock and roll drum beat .
back up a computer hard drive by going to the start button at the bottom and clicking on computer . protect a computer 's user data with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
learn how the history of cumbia dancing and the dance steps with expert columbian dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online advanced dance lesson and choreography video clip .
breaking a dog 's bad habits starts with training them through exercise , discipline and affection , which will give the dog some discipline and good behavior at home . teach a dog to stop bad habits with a certified dog trainer in this free video on dog obedience .
create a sparkly piece in photoshop by using the lasso tool . learn to create sparkly parts from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
a slab in a clay pottery project can be made easier by using a roller . learn about clay forming tips that you will need from a master potter in this free video clip .
when massaging a child with earaches , use grape seed oil or vegetable oil to alleviate the discomfort . prepare a child for an earache massage with tips from a childcare specialist in this free video on massage .
utensils for cantonese chicken include a few sauce pots and a few bowls . learn more about your utensils with tips from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
baited oils have been used for many years . learn more about bait oils in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
learn how to do the hindi squat yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness lesson video .
get a walkthrough of the guard shack in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
it is important for children to learn how to choose the right eyeglass frame for them . learn more about the importance of children 's eyeglasses in this free video on children and fashion .
how to use tools and materials to make pottery ; learn this and more in this free video arts and crafts lesson taught by a pottery making expert .
draw the star paper for a paper star lantern . light up a room by learning how to make a star-shaped paper lantern in this free crafting video .
after the skateboard is gripped , there are usually holes in the back of the board . learn how to dig holes in a newly gripped skateboard from a professional skater in this free extreme sports video .
the components of an atom are situated in various designations , like the nucleus , the control center , where the protons and neutrons hang out and the electrons are attracted to the positive protons . understand the properties of each atom with important facts from a science teacher in this free video on fundamental physics .
use coat rack design to match existing wood work . learn how to build a storage box for painting and art supplies in this free wood project video from a woodworking teacher .
the musical saw can be played in a vertical or up position . learn how to hold a musical saw bow in this free online video music lesson on playing the singing saw .
use tools to zoom in and out of images in adobe flash . learn how to create images in flash with the software tips in this free video tutorial on flash animation from a professional web designer .
using the paint bucket tool , in photoshop , can help you create a wood texture background . learn some tips for creating wood textures from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
learn the correct way to restart a mountain bike during a stop in this free mountain biking video for the beginner cyclist .
you can just cut off the ends of those legs and make a peekaboo window for your puppet . learn how to make an animal play mat out of recycled jeans in this free crafts video .
adding texture to your plastic text , in photoshop , is a great way to add a little depth and dimension to your textual image . learn more about adding a plastic wrap to your text from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
how to manually sharpen push mower blades ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on sharpening gardening tools in this free instructional video .
learn how to lay out clay tile for a mosaic clay tile table in this free ceramics video tutorial .
make a pirate hat using paper and other decorations ; learn this and more in this free online arts and crafts video on making party supplies taught by expert ginny larson .
when threading facial hair , try placing the thread around the neck two or three times and then twisting it to remove unwanted hair . find out how to thread facial hair with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on personal grooming .
learn about the importance of speed and agility from a health and beauty expert in this free agility training and fitness video .
do n't break fibers when wrapping a climbing coil . learn how to coil a climbing rope in this free video .
smoothing the eyes brings out the eyes and adds definition to the makeup . learn to apply eye makeup for television in this free cosmetics video with a movie makeup artist .
a straight ankle lock is a submission move in jiu-jitsu that involves placing an opponent in a guard position and delaying the move . use ankle locks in combat sports with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on judo and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
weaving the needle through the fabric or weave it in and out if you have a single thread . learn to make hand sewing patterns with expert tips in this free sewing video .
whiter teeth can be damaged by over-the-counter products , not whitening products . discover proactive steps to prevent damaging teeth with information from a dental hygienist in this free video on oral hygiene and teeth whitening .
the perfect snack for beer and a ballgame ! learn about dessert for chicken wings in this free appetizer recipe from our professional chef .
sometimes when you do a feeble to fakie , you will patch up a mistake and will need to roll back down . learn how to avoid mistakes when doing feeble fakies from a skateboarding professional in this free skateboarding video .
what weight a fly rod and line weight is ? learn about fly fishing gear , supplies , and other equipment in this free video .
in jujitsu , defend against a headlock on the ground by applying pressure to the neck and arching the back to grab the opponent 's head . defend against the headlock with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on juji gatame .
troubleshoot an oven that is heating poorly by putting the center element on the top and then checking the bottom for black spots or other dark spots . visit a professional appliance store to get rid of a bad oven with advice from a licensed home repair specialist in this free video on home maintenance .
learn how to draw eyelashes on a cartoon character with tips from a cartoonist in this free video on drawing cartoons .
tips on getting a picture as a christmas gift for co-workers in this free holiday video so that you take the guesswork out of office holiday party gift giving .
use screen toggle to scroll through photos . learn how to enlarge your photos with the image view mode of the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
learn what to wear to impress your audience with expert stand-up comedy tips and techniques in this free comedy lesson video .
by teaching kids how to read from the clouds , the teacher can see the things the child is reading ; learn more reading tips in this free child-development video .
the horse stance , in kung fu , is a stationary position for side-to-side movement . practice the horse stance technique with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
select hosiery to wear with open-toe shoes by picking outfits with a clean foot line that does n't have any hem lines or any reinforcements . avoid injury by picking out footwear with the right materials by following the tips in this free video from an experienced clothing store manager .
learn all about how to make balloon animals with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free balloon folding video clip .
the arizona sunrise is a mixed drink with tequila that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
watch as an expert bachelor explains how to attract supermodels in this free online video about attracting women .
like a regular row for the rear dealt with a medicine ball , strengthen the shoulder and improve posture . learn tips on how to do this exercise correctly in this free video clip from a personal trainer .
a major 7th chord on the saxophone is a scale that begins on the third note of the major seventh scale . play a major seventh chord on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
learn how to defend against a headlock hold in this free martial arts video from a bushido expert .
prepare the skin for hot wax facial hair removal by applying the wax in the direction of the hair growth . learn about how to apply hot wax to the skin with tips from a stylist in this free video on hair removal products .
losing weight on the fat flush diet requires eliminating a lot of fatty foods from the diet . lose weight quickly with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
stretching is a great way to improve balance and coordination . see a demonstration of a balanced ice skating exercise from a professional sports instructor in this free sports video .
learn how to do basic choreography for ladies when dancing the mambo in this free video dance lesson .
how to add greenery for making tropical flower arrangements ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
how to properly spread the raspberry preserves when baking `` death by chocolate '' cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
when drawing a siamese cat in conte crayon , use a photo source to create the darkest areas . draw a cat 's portrait in contezer crayons with tips from a professional illustrator in this free video about learning to draw .
if a person has multiple cars or more than one car , it 's possible to get a discount ; however , those who have multiple cars may not have a fleet of cars and offer discounts . learn about discounts for automobile insurance in this free video from a licensed insurance agent about automobile insurance information .
to be a great violinist you need more than just scales . here is a free video clip on the 8th degree of an a melodic minor violin scale .
self-defense is important when traveling , especially in remote areas . be prepared for dangers with the right clothing and safety tips in this free travel advice video .
do a fakie smith stall by getting focused and thinking . get skateboarding trick tips for avoiding common mistakes in this free skateboarding video from a sponsored skateboarder .
in `` magic : the gathering '' any creature that has zero or less toughness is put into its owner 's graveyard . learn the zero toughness rule in `` magic of the gathering , or the role-playing game '' from a certified judge in this free video on magic cards .
belly dance moves and spins can be difficult . learn how to find a veil for your belly dancing routine in this free video lesson from a professional belly dancer .
in order to block yahoo ! e-mail addresses , sign into the yyahoo account , click on the mail options button , select `` mail options '' and add the `` add block '' option to clear the list of addresses . keep e-mails from being blocked on yyahoo by following the easy steps in
learn how to open the flaunch of the teapot when making a porcelain tea pot in this free ceramics video lesson .
watch as an expert bachelor explains how to use attention and attention to attract supermodels in this free online video about attracting women .
in order to check a computer processor on a computer , go to windows xp my computer , right-click on my computer and search under the general tab under the properties tab . check a processor on your computer with tips from an it and computer specialist in this free video on computer technology .
place the thumbs in the hole of the clay and grip the clay lightly on the outside . learn how to form the floor of a ceramic bottle with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
with salty foods and acidic wines , the relationship really heats up . learn the salt and acid rule in how to pair food and wine from a professional writer , speaker and sommelier in this free culinary video .
learn how to create the flower base for an origami orchid with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
pointing the light directly at the subject leads to a dramatic portrait . learn how to use white cards in portrait photography in this free photography video .
take the largest elements and lay them down without adhesive . learn how to glue mosaic tile for a mosaic tiled hand mirror at home in this free crafting video .
massage techniques used in everyday life include milking , tapotement and petrissage . find out how to massage the arms and shoulders in a massage with the tips in this free instructional video on massage techniques from a professional massage therapist .
in kickboxing , roll the hands out to practice the straight , lead , uppercut and rear cut pad combination . perform this potent attack sequence with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
have him chew on his pens and pencils in the armpit office prank ! learn how in this free video on office pranks .
learn how to use the film and tv ads to get a record deal , or recording contract in this free online instructional video .
hemming is important when making unitard sewing with materials like thread . learn to make a unitard for sports or activities in this free sewing video .
playing a sample game of `` ship , captain and crew '' will help answer any additional questions you might have about your ship . learn how to play the dice game , `` world of warcraft , '' in this free gaming video .
how to evaluate your piano 's condition when repairing it ; learn this and more in this free video lesson about musical instruments taught by a piano tuning and care expert .
use meal worms or maggots for ice fishing . learn more about ice fishing bait in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
learn chest and shoulder stretches in baby boomer yoga from a professional hatha yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn how to groom a man 's eyebrows with expert grooming tips in this free men 's hygiene and grooming video clip .
removing the kasha from the heat and adding broth to it to the broth mixture ; learn this and more in this free recipe video cooking series taught by expert chef emory davis .
learn standing hip rolls for prenatal yoga in this maternity fitness video for expecting mothers from an expert yoga instructor .
learn about the best way to practice shooting spit wads with expert tips in this free online video clip for kids and students .
when loading an archery bow , it 's important to do so in a a safe manner so that everyone around you is not harmed . learn how to properly load a bow and arrow in this beginner archery lesson .
when making bracelets out of pants , initial designs are usually the first thing to go with . design and make bracelets from pants with tips from a custom-clothing specialist in this free video on bracelets .
learn the technique for a two handed over shoulder throw in this sports video from our professional black belt instructor on judo for children .
vulnerability and confidence are important skills for every performer to have under their belt . learn tips on how to improve your confidence and vulnerability from a professional performer in this free video .
trying to act with accents ? get tips for acting auditions in this free video clip from a professional casting director .
the pressing block is used with either the right or left hand punching . learn how to do praying mantis kung fu pressing block high low strikes in this free martial arts video from a black belt instructor .
a dry cleaning kit can be used to steam clothes . learn how to steam wash clothes from a professional cleaner in this free laundry washing video .
origami paper folding can be used to make a bird . make an origami bird with paper folding instructions from a graphic artist in this free video on japanese origami .
how to gather and use brushes for silkscreening your own t-shirts ; get professional tips and advice on screen printing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free silnt-shirts video .
use a wax pen to shape the ear and attach it to the head . carve a head out of wax with a professional sculptor in this free video sculpting lesson .
how to use drugs and alcohol to survive a prison sentence in this free video clip .
learn how to attach a ratchet to the rotary tool in this free household electronics video .
the angelique is one of the easiest tulips to recognize . learn how to identify springtime flowers in bloom from a sustainable gardener in this free video .
take care of a diving board at the end of the season by keeping a good grip , slip resistant surface and bolts free of dirt . learn to clean diving boards the next time it 's raining from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
web designers can align text on a web page by setting the text aligned to the right side of the page . code aligned text on an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
when making ceramic mugs , a pin tool can be used to center the mug . learn how to center a mug with tips from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
learn the tree hugger pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
start with the upper body and then draw the torso and hands . learn to cartoon underwear from a profession cartoonist in this free drawing video .
reading bass clef notes is best done by identifying the treble clef and the s clef , beginning with the f note and working up to the next line , which represents g , e and g. learn to read bass cleff notes with tips from a pianist , singer and songwriter in this
belly dancing costumes are very important for egyptian dances . learn more about belly dance costumes with tips from a belly dancer in this free dance lesson video .
learn how to write great secondary headlines in this free video series on writing pop songs and music theory .
a good case can keep your camera and gear safe when traveling . learn about camera cases in this free video on taking professional digital pictures .
how to know the water level on a washer ; get professional tips and advice on washing and drying any type of jeans in this free instructional video .
when creating a comic book character , design them first , figure out their story and inspiration , and then work on creating a clear and distinct look and pattern . draw superheroes with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
sometimes it 's helpful to accentuate the movements of your attacker . learn how to do a stage combat stomach slash in this free stage combat video .
how to remove contact lenses in this free eye care video .
start oil painting the hair first . learn oil painting tips and techniques from a professional artist in this free painting video .
caring for hair extensions involves either shampooing and rinsing them or relaxing them in a warm , moist place with light conditioner . allow hair extensions to blend with tips from an experienced hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
here are some tips on how to choose face paints for your party in this free video clip about how to make face painting masks .
add water and yellow to enhance the appearance of the watercolors . learn more about watercolor painting from a professional artist in this free painting video .
practicing the art of sleight-of-hand . learn how to put on a magic show with easy magic tricks in this free video clip about magic tricks .
learn about doing a butterfly breath flow pose for prenatal yoga in this free pregnancy exercise video from our expert on fitness for expecting mothers .
learn how to get rid of wall cobwebs and paint your living room and other remodeling tips in this free instructional diy home improvement video .
overhead tricep extensions are a great upper body arm workout and tubing or resistance bands are great workout tools to use to increase intensity . learn how these are done and their benefits from a health and fitness expert in this free video clip .
practice the kicking technique for the breaststroke kick without bubbles , by using a kickboard , or a noodle ; learn more in this free olympic swimming lesson on video .
sometimes it 's fun to add decorative items to a clay flower pot . see how to do decorative things when throwing on a pot in this free ceramics video .
breast augmentation is a procedure performed by plastic surgeons , also known as breast enlargement or breast enhancement . learn about breast augmentation procedures in this free cosmetic surgery video .
using the nose as a defense technique . learn how to attack the nose in this free video clip from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
assisting a yoga shoulder stand pose can create a feeling of length in the spine and without having to use the neck . learn assisted yoga poses like shoulder stands from an instructor in this free yoga video .
learn the meaning of the recollect green card and how to play it in 'magic : the gathering ' in this free game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
cutting the neck of a stuffed doll is easy with these tips , get expert advice on weddings and dresses in this free video .
the spindle gauge turning tool is used to turn something entirely different . learn more about the differences between woodturning tools in this free woodworking instruction video from a wood shop expert .
your feet are bent and stomp straight forward for your pounding . learn how to pound in intermediate hip hop dancing .
taking blood pressure should be seated and relaxed for about 15 minutes before taking the blood pressure . learn more about the importance of taking blood pressure with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
telemarketer career information can be gained by working in a telemarketing field or by learning all aspects of the technology . learn more about how to get into a telemarketer 's career with tips from a career information specialist in this free video on career information .
be careful when loosening the screws when loading the voltage regulator . learn how to replace and reload a car 's alternator brushes in these free auto repair video instructions featuring a certified mechanic .
there are eight bearings in each set for each wheel . learn how to install skateboard bearings to wheels from a professional skater in this free extreme sports video .
learn how to make soon tobu ji gae asian food in this free korean cooking video .
learn how to spot signs that your dog is older and younger in this free video .
how to serve korean kimchi chigae when making a side dish ; learn more about making traditional korean food in this free cooking video .
how to add bronzer for applying a carmen electra makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
fleas and ticks can both be spotted and treated in cats by combing the fur along the back of the cat 's head and then checking the bedding for flea dirt or feces . treat cats and kittens alike properly with tips from a cat behaviorist in this free video on cat care .
the turntable arm holds the head , which holds the cartridge . learn more about the parts of a record player in this free record player maintenance lesson from an experienced disc jockey .
get a free saxophone lesson on playing the g major scale in this free video lesson taught by a professional saxophone player .
as the butter breaks down about half way , go ahead and place half of the lettuce that you have cut with the butter . learn how to make curried onion and apple pork chops from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
do you hear the rhythm in everything you do ? learn how to with expert tips and advice on bucket drumming in this free video .
learn how to use a child 's breathing mask for nebulizer delivery with expert medical tips in this free vaporized medicine video clip .
easter stamps are great for adding easter wishes to cards . use stamping ma jigs on easter wish cards with tips from a scrapbook demonstrator in this free easter crafting video .
in `` magic : the gathering '' state-based effects clean up the game and can be very effective . get tips on changing state based effects from a certified judge in this free magic cards video .
learn techniques for blocking a roundhouse kick in kempo karate in this free martial arts video from our second degree black belt expert william joseph hill .
there are a variety of different colors of green pastel painting . learn how to reference a painting of a green with pastel paint in this free painting lesson from a professional artist .
the biggest thing about being a performer is getting people to enjoy the performance . learn tips on how to do this from a professional performer in this free video .
learn how to sew shell trim on a shower curtain with expert sewing tips from a seamstress in this free crafting video clip .
be sure to add a melody to the chorus of your song . learn how to write a song in this free music video .
learn how to turn while hula hooping in this free hula hoop workout video .
the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn a 3rd degree c major scale arpeggios on it in this free video clip series .
learn some great tips on how you can prepare your homemade bread for baking from our expert in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
learn how to trim the feet of your dog in this free video .
organ sounds are very important in a music demo and can add a lot of emotion to it . learn some tips about integrating organ sounds from a professional musician in this free video .
by analyzing your skin , you can choose a face mask that 's suitable for your skin . learn how to choose face masks with expert beauty tips from a professional beauty consultant in this free video clip on skin care .
looking for easy halloween recipes ? learn the materials you need to make foam candies in this free video clip .
learn how to do the open new york walk dance steps in the hustle in this free dance lesson video .
in order to practice tango dancing , it 's important to dress in comfortable clothing that allows the legs to move and the lower body to move . dress in tango clothes with the tips in this free video dancing lesson from a professional dance instructor .
in two-dimensional design , circles get smaller as they are farther away from the viewer . use circular circles and diagonals to draw a square with twodimensional design in this free video art lesson from a professional artist .
the first step in making paper mache lizards is wrapping the wire armature with a cheese cloth . learn how to make tin foil turtles from a professional art instructor in this free crafts video .
learn a latin jazz piano syncopation exercise with expert music training tips in this free online piano lesson and choreography video clip .
play straight fourth snare drum on all four coordinates with bass on one and four with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
use the combo card of diamond do turbo to destroy all your opponents in yu-gi-oh . learn how to play the turbo supplement in the yu -gi-w ccg in this free video .
troubleshoot a dishwasher by cleaning the basket , making sure the arm rotates freely and checking for clogs that are blocking the drain line . find out what is causing dishwasher problems with insight from a licensed home repair specialist in this free video on home maintenance .
sunflowers are easy plants to grow grown from small seeds that are placed in a seed packet in a plastic bag . grow sunflowers with tips from a sustainable gardener in this free video on gardening .
give your old jeans new life ! learn how to prepare the bottoms when converting jeans into bell bottoms in this free clothing alteration video .
motorcycle helmets can be very modic and useful for styling , health and safety on a runway . draw motorcycle helmets with a fashion designer in this free fashion illustration video .
how to prepare the amber beer malt and specialty grains for home brewing amber beer ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video series .
using a stiff brush to apply the first color first when painting on glass ; tips , tricks and techniques to change your old framed glass into new art pieces in this free online art lesson about painting taught by david a. clemen .
how to practice playing a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
art can add to any garden . learn how to pick garden art in this free gardening video .
learn how to make the face of the beige ball into a betty boop face in this free home craft video .
watch and learn and learn from our expert baker how to serve your crepe in this free cooking video on making easy crepe recipes .
learn about cymbals and how to play them correctly in this free video series that will teach you how to strategically set up your band and musical equipment for a performance .
making midi cables saves time and improves sound quality . learn about quality cables for midi sequencing in the cubase daw from an audio engineer in this free cubase tutorial video .
the hurdle is a move that can help running backs avoid getting tackled or being tackled . get running tips and advice on olympic running backs in this free football video lesson on how to be a star running back .
samurai overheads are easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
 vocal self-care is very important so long as you do n't drink too much alcohol or get hammered . learn more about vocal self care from a professional speaker and vocal instructor in this free music video .
for the knee drop in zen yoga qigong it is important to imagine blood moving into the spine and back . learn how to do knee drop stretches for the zen qiigong martial arts form from the founder in this free fitness and exercise video for children .
throwing a bowl on the pottery wheel should be done slowly and not disrupt the edges . learn how to wheel throw a clay bowl with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
make invitations for a special evening in portugal ! learn to say common phrases for making invitations in portuguese in this free language lesson video from a portuese language expert .
what is a steam and how is it used in the ironing process ? learn about ironing clothes and other tips on laundry and clothing care in this free video .
potters open a hole for large pots or pottery bowls by pressing the clay down to the wheel . learn to open a clay hole for a large pottery platter in this free ceramics video on making neti pots .
learn how to clean the skimmer basket , by keeping it clean , when cleaning and maintaining your swimming pool with expert tips on pools in this free pool maintenance video clip .
aikido is a martial art that uses your opponent 's momentum to attack and drop them to the ground . watch this free video clip and learn how to avoid and take down an opponent as they try a wrist grab wrist grab .
ingredients for thai basil chicken include a thin-sliced chicken breast , cucumbers , ginger , eggplant and rice vinegar . gather ingredients for this chicken recipe with tips from a chef in this free video recipe .
you can go from a thumb all the way around to your finger to a finger spin . learn the thumb over finger spin in this free martial arts combat video from a tae kwon do blackbelt .
a basic jump for snow skis should be done with the feet shoulder-width apart and good balance . learn how to snow ski up jumps with tips from a snow skiing instructor in this free winter sports video .
learn how to serve a tequila shrimp recipe in this free cooking with alcohol class on video .
improve your tae kwon do skills by learning the tornado kick with expert tips in this free martial arts video .
tents are a great camping accessory to pack for your backpacking or hiking trip , get expert tips and advice on backpacking in this free video .
learn how to store a band saw machine in this free video from a professional contractor .
king snakes are known to eat other species of snakes . learn more about king snake information from a reptile specialist in this free video on exotic pets .
how to play ii minor chords for jazz piano in the key of f major , including tips and tricks ; learn this and more in this free online jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
there is a great sign in sign language for transportation . learn how to do sign language related to sports and recreation in this free education video .
mental preparation in gymnastics is important to execute difficult moves . learn about mental preparation with tips from a gymnastics coach in this free gymnastics video .
learn the story of the witch of endor in this free witchcraft for beginners video clip .
a table of contents is what will be found in a college research report . learn how to write a table-of- contents with tips from a communications and public speaking expert in the free instructional video .
taking a charge is one of the most physical drills in basketball . be physical in the game of basketball with tips from a basketball coach in this free video on basketball rebounding .
selling a cd at home is the best way to make a living . learn great tips on how to be a better solo performer in this free musical performance video lesson .
forearm stretches and hand warm ups are very important for yoga warm ups . learn how to do yoga wrist stretches with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
professional budget advice you ca n't miss ! learn how to set goals to budget a budget for personal finances in this free online video tutorial .
edit text on a myspace page by clicking `` profile , '' clicking `` edit profile '' and entering the text into a new template or by hitting a preview profile to enter in all of the edits . visit a flashy myspace text page with information from a work flow manager of a software development company in this free
wood turning projects like texas . learn how to start a texas-shaped coaster in this free wood crafts video from a professional carpenter .
find out about herbicides in this free video on pesticide application .
learn all about the importance of mounting photos onto poster board in this free art collection and hobbies video .
learn how to do a reverse forehand punch in this free frisbee video .
just enough slack in the clip to the toilet trip lever is too taught . learn how to properly attach a toilet clip with tips from a kitchen and bathroom remodeling expert in this free home improvement video .
the fourth note in the b melodic minor scale on violin is an e natural . play the first note of the b minor scale with a violin instructor in this free video violin lesson .
 chopping in thai yoga massage can be a great back massage variation . learn how to keep your back healthy with tips from a yoga expert in this free massage video .
use the big and pull down step in hip hop dancing . learn the pull down hip hop dance move in this free aerobic dancing video from a choreographer .
if you win a hand , you have less than 10 points . learn how to play fourteens solitaire in this free gaming video .
learn how to iron the second sleeve of a jacket in this free clothing care video from our professional wardrobe expert .
when performing kung fu palm exercises , push the thumb , bend the knuckle and bend the thumb . develop the proper palm shape with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
the low crawl is used to get from point a to point b without being seen by the enemy . learn about the low crawl as a part of advanced paintball tactics in this free sports and recreation video .
watch an expert martial artist explain and perform a cartwheel and an aerial in this free video clip .
watch as an expert woodworker demonstrates how to smooth a wood vase handle in this free online video about making a beer tap .
the three point stability position is a core training exercise that will help you build strength and stability in your core . learn more in this free core training workout video .
play a half-time shuffle and open the high hat for better coordination with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
a relaxing meditation is a great way to begin yoga exercises for those with age and weight . learn how to do freestyle meditation with tips from a registered yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
learn when to swing the bat right handed in this free baseball coaching video from an expert softball and baseball coach .
in kung fu , twist the arm and drive up with the same hand when performing the downward forearm block and straight punch counter . find out more about this powerful fighting maneuver from a black belt instructor in this free martial arts video .
best to chop ginger for paneer masala to enhance the flavor and texture of this traditional indian dish ; learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation of chicken and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
learn how to add water to the base of the base when building a snowman with tips from a winter recreation expert in this free winter fun video .
use gestures , facial expressions and body language to add vitality to your words . learn how to give your on-screen interview with professional screen coach aimy kersey in this free media video .
after you sketched out the window , you want to figure out how many beads you 'll need . learn how to make a window valance pattern in this free craft video about making beaded window valances .
johannes brahms was one of the greatest music composers in history and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
in kung fu , perform the rising block , lead punch and low kick combination to increase the power of a martial arts arsenal . execute this fighting attack with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
learn about the rules for playing paintball in this free paintball lesson from an experienced player and strategy expert .
how to mix meat for making empanadas ; learn more about traditional spanish , portuguese , and latin american food in this free cooking video .
bringing the feet together and bending the knees a little , gently opening the toes up to the side . learn to warm-up for modern dancing with develope exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
learn how to do a forward jump yoga pose from a yoga expert in this free exercise video about using props in yoga workouts .
diving entails little splash in the water . learn to rip your dive with little splash from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
decide on a height for a whiskey set plate by scoring the area generously . learn how to choose a height with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
how to use a wire wheel on a bench grinder ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sharpening tools , shaping and polishing metal in this free instructional video .
a cheap aquarium can be bought at a local pet store or aquarium store . get tips on where to buy cheap aquariums from the owner of a fish pet store in this free pet care video .
understand what food centers should feed four and five year olds in this free online healthy kids diet video clip .
warrior one is a balancing pose in sun salutation yoga . stay in shape with the warrior one variation in surya namaskara , a sequence of hatha yoga asanas , in this free video on fitness and meditation .
when massaging the shoulder , refer to the areas of the posterior scapula as the `` rotator cuff . '' learn more about massaging a shoulder in this free instructional video on massage techniques from a professional massage therapist .
learn how to replace a light switch cover , with expert tips and advice on refurbishing antiques from a professional woodworker in this free video .
using double stops in the violin will help you learn notes . learn about the benefits of double stops for the ivan galamian violin teaching method in this free violin lesson from a professional violinist .
using art in the bedroom can bring energy into a love life . learn to use feng shui bedroom art in this free interior design video from a leading practitioner .
when drawing comic book characters , exaggerate the details and place the hands together in order to create the dynamic poses and dynamics of the drawing . draw comic books with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
a romantic relationship is about enjoying one another and letting the other enjoy the moment as much as possible . make a romantic relationship with tips from an author of a book on dating in this free video on interpersonal relationships .
help out on post players . learn how to play the middle man in a zone defense in this free youth basketball lesson from an experienced head coach .
hold the hand slightly above the hips in the charleston dance for the best results . find out how to hold the pulse with tips from two dance instructors in this free video on dancing .
dismount a ceramic vase from the potter 's wheel using a wire tool . learn vase dismounts with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
you can use construction paper for making your background for your diorama picture . learn how to make pictures of plants and flowers in this free crafts video .
distractions are a fundamental basketball skill for every player . learn how to ignore distractions with tips and advice on basketball rules , shoes , and history in this free video .
the open strings on a violin sound the a , d , a and e notes when played , the foundation for all the notes a violin can reach . play a violin with an instructor in this free video violin lesson .
the zen yoga dragon lunge is an advanced move that requires deep compression from the back of the leg to the thigh . learn more about the dragon leetion in zeen yoga with tips from the founder of zen camp in this free yoga lesson video .
the reverb guitar effect makes it sound as if you are playing the guitar is a large room , hall , auditorium , or studio . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
what 's the best way to serve chicken biryani once the dish is completed ? learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
switch your hands for the lunge back with a pop . learn advanced hip hop funk dance moves from a professional instructor in this free dance video series .
handling your hermit crab properly is important for keeping the palm flat and skin taunt . handle hermit crabs properly with tips from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
disposing of used antifreeze , whether done by the local recycling center or by taking it to a qualified service technician , is not a good idea . learn about the laws for disposing of garbage , such as poison , from a water conservation expert in this free puppy care video .
how to properly tune a guitar by ear when you restring it ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
trim a rabbit 's nails by lying down beside the animal and using a towel to gently calm the animal down . trim rabbit nails with tips from a veterinarian in this free video on rabbits and pet care .
clean up after landing a tumbler jump in the tumbling motion segment of your routine . learn how to clean up after tumblers and tumbling from a tumbling champion in this free cheerleading video .
the eagle pose , in yoga , is a great exercise for increasing stability and opening the joints in the body . learn to perform the eagle yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
when defending against a front choke hold , make sure to attack hard , then hold on to the attacker 's balance . defend against holds with tips from a martial arts teacher in this free video on self-defense .
rag , fabriano , and many other types of paper are available for calligraphers . learn more about types of calligraphy paper in this free video series .
learn about wimpy types of juggling with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling video .
if you enter your home through a red light , learn the importance of this area from a feng shui practitioner in this free home decor video .
learn how to prepare for a red carpet event and get professional tips and advice on red carpet fashion styles in this free instructional video .
teeth whitening products can be very damaging to your teeth . get tips for selecting the right teeth whitening product in this dental health video from a dentist .
to make oyster sauce for cantonese chicken , add sherry , sugar , water and cornstarch . make the sauce to add stock to the chicken with ginger-scallion fried rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
for the zen yoga qigong move you should pull the hands up and out toward the side and expand from the center . learn how to do the pull zen qioting move in the free holistic fitness video from the founder of zen chi .
 triggered abilities in `` magic the gathering '' are triggered on stack cards and can summon creatures or have other characteristics . learn how to play triggered abilities from a certified judge in this free magic cards video .
use compuhost karaoke software to manage performance routines , including starting with backup songs and using filler music . learn how to host karaaks shows with software in this free tutorial video .
putting the light bulb into the retainer to reassemble . learn how to replace a car 's headlights in this free video on auto repair .
the operation for a springfield logging company includes about 65 full-time employees , subcontractor cutters and trucks . learn about the logging company operation with tips from a logging company owner in this free video on logging .
how composition controls the flow of a viewer 's experience in a wall mural ; learn this and more in this free online painting video about wall murals taught by expert artist ian loveall .
the object of the clock solitaire variant is to beat the kings . learn how to play kings in this free card games video .
before painting a house front door , determine whether or not the paint is oil-based or latex by sanding down any debris . paint a front door with tips from a heating , ventilation and air conditioning ( hvac ) certified technician in this free video on home repair .
one secret to human longevity is cutting obesity . learn how to control your portion control to help reduce obesity in this free human longevity video from a science and health researcher .
high blood sugars can cause confusion , blurry vision and blurry vision . learn more about high blood sugars and how they affect vision with tips from a traditional chinese medicine practitioner in this free health video .
sculpt details into your plaster sculpture . learn how to chisel the details in this free art lesson video .
the nintendo wii was invented in 2001 just a few months after the game cube 's release in japan , and this system has now become a full-service game . find out where nintendo introduced the wii with help from a digital technology specialist in this free video on the nintendo nintendo
learn all about potatoes in this free video on home gardening .
pretend your leg lifts when traveling with your hop . learn how to do heel toe traveling hops in hip hop dance warm-ups from a professional teacher in this free dance video .
while buying a video camera , it 's important to know what type of videography it will be used for and how much money it costs . research professional videography websites and other video camera options with insight from a professional photographer in this free video on photography .
learn the different types of thermometers available for taking a fever with expert medical tips from a trained doctor in this free health care video clip .
in submission moves , toe holds are very painful and do not take long to tap out . use toe holds with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
scratching is a normal behavior for cats that enrich their environment by providing scratching posts . fix scratching problems with tips from an experienced animal clinic worker in this free video on cat care .
place the fourth finger on d flat for an upright bass scale . learn about playing upright bass d flat major scales and arpeggios in this free stringed instrument video from a jazz and classical bassist .
the reverse plank pose in yoga is a strength pose for building core strength , shoulder strength , biceps and triceps . learn more about the reverse plank yoga pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
knitting hats in fashion can be called toboggans or beanies , and the brim is knitted . draw knit hats with a fashion designer in this free fashion illustration video .
throwing a high-carbohydrate diet will increase the human longevity , which is a crucial secret to human longevity . find out how to eat whole foods to improve longevity with expert tips from a science and health researcher in this free video about improving human lifespan .
learn how to spotters in cheering with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video on advanced cheerleading jumps and tumbling .
for djembe drum rings , the bottom ring should be closer together because the knot is smaller than the top . knot the lower ring on a djegbe drum with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on djengbe drums repairs .
to treat dandruff , first analyze the scalp and apply a mixture of lemon juice and peanut oil to loosen up the dry skin . treat danderruff with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
when loading a snowmobile back up onto a trailer , be sure to line up the snow machine with the back of the trailer . load a snowmobiles back up on a truck with tips from a custom car repairman in this free auto maintenance video .
choose the best shampoo for your cat and dog in this free video .
make sure the lower fan shroud clips are on your new radiator . learn how to reinstall a car radiator in these free auto repair video instructions .
increase toning in the back of the leg for more effective pilates exercises . learn more about hamstring exercises for a pilates workout from a professional pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
uploading pictures to myspace profiles can be done by adding the photo code to the edit section of a myspace page and clicking `` upload photos . '' add pictures to your myspace profile with tips from a a video game specialist in this free video about designing a my space page .
to stretch the top line of a horse 's head during a horse massage it is important to raise and lower the head . learn more about how to massage a horse with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse massage video .
basic domino polka dance footwork is very important . learn more about the footwork dance steps with tips from a polka expert in this free dance lesson video .
put your first team to first side to five wins in tennis . learn how to get ready for a game situation in tennis with various drills and training techniques in this free video lesson .
increase your energy with these yoga poses . learn how to do the bridge yoga pose to ease symptoms of fibromyalgia in this free medical treatment video from a professional yoga instructor .
some e-mail providers ca n't handle a lengthy attachment so clear it with the person you 're going to be sending it to . learn how to send long attachments and follow through on e-mails from a communications expert in this free communications video .
calligraphy has many facets and the four is one of them . learn tips on how to write the four stroke of the sail in this free video clip from a calligraphy expert .
catching a fish involves reeling the fish in with a fishing hook , keeping the fishing line tight and never letting the fish go away . catch a fish by reeling them in with help from a fishing guide in this free video on fishing for beginners .
before making a bracelet out of pants fabric , think about a person 's waistband to see if they are n't liking the thickness . test a bracelet 's fabric before making cuts with tips from a custom-clothing specialist in this free video on bracelets .
learn how to do the heel toe turn in this free dance lesson video .
stretching out your arms , before playing ice hockey , is a good way to help avoid injury . learn how to stretch your arms from a professional hockey player in this free sports video .
proper kung fu techniques ! learn how to do a no-hand cartwheel in this free martial arts video on shaolin iron skills .
learn how to form wreath cookies with expert baking tips in this free holiday dessert video clip .
the `` h '' in italic calligraphy creates a triangle of space above the mark . learn how to write a lowercase `` h , '' and `` m '' using italic techniques in this free handwriting video from a calligrapher .
learn how to clean the face of a 226 9mm handgun in this free video on proper handgun cleaning .
staining a simple woodworking box with a grinder . learn how to stain a box in this free woodworking video .
learn why it 's best to buy books for kids in order to teach them to read through homeschooling in this free home schooling and tutoring video clip .
equine massage on the umbilical region will open up the horse 's chest for a few minutes . learn how to do equine massage massages on the equine chest with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
to make cheerleading hair bows , make a collection of simple ribbons that can be purchased at any local craft store , tie them to a ponytail holder and clip them into the hairrette to keep it from fraying . make hair bows with tips from an experienced cheerleader in this free video on cheerleading
many sports require unitards to have turtlenecks . learn to make a unitard for sports or activities in this free sewing video .
create effects separate from the filters in fl studio . learn more about using effects in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
learn how to practice and record your rap beats in this free dj record selection lesson from an experienced disc jockey .
learn how to practice balance for a bmx hang 5 with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
lean how to serve a macrobiotic meal in a variety of nutrients in this free online video on how to prepare healthy macrobiotics .
for golf solitaire , each player ends with 30 cards face up and 17 cards in their hand . learn how to play different types of solitaire to improve your game in this free gaming video .
some violin etudes are more difficult than others . learn how to become a better violin player in this free violin lesson from a professional violinist .
learn how to get involved with little league baseball with expert tips on children 's sports in this free video clip .
when cleaning the shower hardware , the shiny casing does n't require any elbow grease . clean shower hardware with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
learn how to use google adsense to publish your own personal website and learn more about website design in this free instructional video .
use a wood turning miter guide to mark the block stock . learn how to mark block stock with a pilot jack in this free woodworking video .
learn how much water you should consume and why staying hydrated is so important for leading a more active lifestyle in this free health and fitness video clip .
learn how to maintain distance in a stage fight in this free video on stage combat moves .
a laser smile can make a smile eight to 12 shades brighter . learn how to use a laser to get a brighter smile from a dental hygienist in this free oral hygiene video .
when playing the swing groove two drum beat , displace the hat on two as well as the and of three . learn more about playing the kick drum two and three drum beat with tips from a musician in this free video on drumming .
bridal shower tableware comes in patterns , not from patterns . choose color and decor for a bachelorette party with tips from a party planner in this free video on weddings .
how to prepare and serve roasted pepper and artichoke dip and get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic appetizer dip recipe in this free cooking video .
start adding the spices when the oil starts to evaporate . add spices for apricot-ginger shrimp with rice pancakes from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
understand how circuit bending works and how it produces different musical sounds and noises in this video series that will help you understand how and when to utilize this unique way of making music .
writers need the discipline and mechanics of english language , as well as the understanding of the english language . become a writer and story teller with tips from a published writer in this free writing career video .
alpacas can be found on the internet or at a local farm store . learn where to find an alpaca in this free animal care video .
the basic crochet chain is a stitch that you need to know to start crocheting . learn how to crochet a bag from start to finish in this free crafts video .
to make a bracelet out of pants fabric , use a razor blade to cut around the band to remove excess fabric . finish making bracelets out of fabric with tips from a custom-clothing specialist in this free video on bracelets .
stretch your hamstrings , glutes and your lower back with chi gong . learn how to do forward bends in this free video clip about the healing power of chi gaong .
how to cook rice for making pineapple fajitas ; learn more about making traditional mexican and latin american food in this free cooking video .
using an eye pencil is done by using the side of the pencil with light strokes that will pull the line away from the lash line for a softer , fuller appearance , and by using a wiggling motion underneath the eye to deposit color . create a beautiful eye line with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in
pencils tend to chew up half of their pencils , so it 's important to sharpen them properly . learn tips for sharpening pencils and crayons in this free video on household supplies .
snowboard angles depend on what type of snowboard is riding . get tips on angles on a snowboard from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free extreme sports video .
when watercolor painting a house and church , always use two brushes in order to paint overhang . learn more about painting overhang from a professional artist in this free painting video .
make sure that you 're completely flat onto the floor . learn how to do lower back stretches in pilates from a professional instructor in this free fitness video .
learn how to set up your wire sculpture torch and how to adjust the pressure in this free video clip .
a burin jig can be used with a smaller version to sharpen burins . learn to sharpen burins with a small jig with tips from a printmaker in this free printmaking video series .
learn how to read and play bass guitar scale tabs in f sharp and d flat in this free music video on playing f sharp scales on bass guitar .
there are several positions on the violin neck each with it 's own specific qualities . learn how to play violin exercises in the 2nd hand position from an experiences musician in these free violin lesson videos .
with the feet six inches to three feet apart , strengthen arm muscles . learn to warm-up for modern dancing with this exercise in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to clean a reptile terrarium in this free online video about reptile care .
drawing a balance line around the head of your duck decoy to begin the design ; learn this and more in this free video art lesson taught by expert sculptor david a. clemen .
watch and learn from our expert what pace to run in the first half of a cross country race in this free exercise training video on competitive cross country running .
the overhead squash shot is a very important shot to use against an opponent . learn tips for hitting overhead squash shots in this free video from a squash instructor .
start with your chin , bring your chin toward your chest , let your neck be heavy and roll through your spine all the way down . learn how to do the yoga hamstring stretch from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
baseball batting averages are calculated by dividing a player 's hits by their hits , and then dividing that number by the number of home runs and sacrifice flies . calculate baseball batting averages with tips from a swing mechanics analyst and hitting coach in this free video on baseball statistics and tips .
learn the full yoga breath in this free medical treatment video .
learn the proper safety precautions before painting a car with expert painting tips in this free online car repair video clip .
the first stroke of a capital t begins with a straight stroke . learn how to write capital t in calligraphy with this free handwriting video from a calligrapher .
growing st. john 's wart plants from well-drained soil will result in a well-dained plant . learn about growing st.john 's w plants from a horticulturist in this free gardening video .
home health benefits of a colonic treatment . learn about the types of colonic treatments in this free health video .
grouper are one of the most sought after fish in the gulf of mexico . learn more about grouper types in this free video about seafood .
when working with kickboxing combinations , it 's important to develop an equal balance between the hands and feet . learn kickboxing fighting combinations such as a front kick rear round kick combo in this free martial arts video .
learn the different types of customer service including talking to customers over the phone and written communication with expert training tips in this free online customer service training video clip .
learn how to install the wand when installing your wood blinds in this free video clip .
tips for preparing to cook fried rice ; learn this culinary trick and more in this free asian food cooking video .
blush adds color to a face , and it should not have circles on the cheeks , which is a popular makeup trick . use a plum-colored blush , which would not be contoured with makeup , with beauty tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on skin care and makeup .
in the armed services ? get tips for finding a job in the same trade or business with expert tax advice in this free online self employment tax deduction video clip .
putting the finishing touches on a rug on a frame loom . learn about rug weaving and how to build a rug in this free video .
the second step in replacing automotive carpet is installing the passenger side . discover how to properly install car carpet with tips from a certified master mechanic in this free video on automotive maintenance .
get familiar with the major scale on the mandolin in this free video clip .
how to serve spanish tapas ; learn more about making traditional spanish food in this free cooking video .
using raw egg , coriander , and other spices learn to make a french toast sandwich in this free video clip series on indian cuisine .
 budget money before going into a studio to record music . learn how to budget and become a professional music producer with this free video clip from a professional musician .
learn how to do a cross punch in jeet kune do in this free martial arts lesson video from a kung fu master .
retro 1970s jeans were one of the most popular retro fashion trends . learn about other popular fashion trends in the 1970s from a retro fashion specialist in this free fashion video .
learn about mixing all the ingredients together for making absinthe in this free home brew video from our professional bartender and home brewer of absinthhe .
get rid of fish tank bubbles by changing the air-powered filter to an electrical power filter , changing the water often with protein skimmers or replacing the water filter . get rid of tank bubbles with tips from the manager of a fish pet store in this free video on pet care .
using filters , in photoshop , can help you improve your animated fire background . learn some tips for using the yellow layer from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
zucchini comes in a variety of shapes and sizes . learn about growing squash heirloom seeds from an expert in this free gardening video .
the folkloric hagalla walk in belly dancing can be performed like a merengue or other dance motions with the hips lifted and moving . learn egyptian belly dancing side dish from an instructor in this free belly dance video .
always clean the copper after etching . learn how to clean copper electronics in this free electronics video .
learn about pant length for petite women 's fashion in this free fashion , style and dress video .
all of the steps in self help have to do with balance . learn how to be successful through balance from a personal trainer in this free holistic video .
it is important to be polite and courteous to both the players and the dealers at the table , so that they do n't flirting with you and your fellow players . learn more about poker etiquette from an experienced card player in this free video .
the best cardio workout in twenty minutes is a twenty-minute run that incorporates a warm-up with light weights , a jog and a short burst of energy . get a great cardio workout with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on exercise and fitness .
be ready for any shot in tennis . learn about player position for service return in doubles tennis in this free tennis lesson from a professional coach .
learn how to engage creatures on ladders in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
how to start at the low section for giving a man 's haircut with clippers ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
repair and assemble the parts of the hayward pool vac ultra . pool cleaning tips from an expert .
how to add clouds to a hand painted nail art beach scene ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
learn how to apply acrylic nails for a french manicure in this free online video on beauty salon treatments .
adjusting dynamics in logic pro 8 using encoders is done by changing the ratio , meters , attack and compression . adjust the dynamic density of a processor with the tips in this free video on music production from a professional audio engineer .
the whammy guitar effect is similar to an octaver in a high register . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
pro tool is in almost every big studio in the world . learn how to record a two bar count in this free video series .
learn what you need to do to home school kids from an expert in this free home schooling video clip .
use a jack stand to jack up a car with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
spring makeup is all about color ! learn how to apply a spring eye shadow in this free makeup video clip from a professional makeup artist .
most orchestra conducting will be done with the right hand . learn about ways in which conductors communicate with orchestra members in this free conducting lesson from an experienced conductor .
how to choose a variety of bells on a djembe african drum ; get professional tips and advice on playing traditional west african percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
create a belly for a tall ceramic planter by pulling clay from the base upward to the top . learn how to throw a planter with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn about how to use a metal cupcake tin to make pumpkin spiced cupcakes in this free recipe dessert video on making pumpkin spruce cupcakes .
learn about finance gadgets in igoogle in order to personalize your homepage with google gadgets with tips from a google products expert in this free internet software lesson video .
learn about the four key elements of a kayak scuba roll , in this free kayaking video clip .
the f major lydian mode is a scale for the saxophone that begins on the fourth note of the f major scale . play the lydorian mode in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced saxophone instructor in this free video .
warming up the gluteal muscles is important as massaging this tender muscle group requires deep pressure and a lot of warm up strokes . learn more about massaging the glutes from a masseur in this free massage video .
automation in logic pro 8 makes it easier for users to automate beats . learn more about this from a logic pro expert in this free video clip .
learn how to do a step kick combination from an expert in basic step aerobics in this free instructional video clip .
when performing a back handspring on the gymnastics floor , practice with a spotter and apply pressure to the knees . learn the handspring with tips from a gymnastics coach in this free gymnastics video .
learn tips and advice on how to do leg extensions while pole dancing in this free fitness video on pole dancing exercises .
robert schuman was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
pressing out of the clay when throwing on the pottery wheel . see how to press out air when throwing off the hump in this free ceramics video .
get tips for baking desserts and learn how to add baking powder to red velvet cake in this free recipe video .
learn about the different types of picaridin insect repellents in this free health and beauty video .
an origami flower is an art created after making a piece of origami . learn more about creating paper flowers from an origami expert in this free video .
adding videos to your myspace page can be fun and easy , learn all about myspace accounts , profiles , videos , and photos in this free video .
perform the bo staff two-handed downward flower technique by starting with both hands facing down . get bo staff technique tips for doing a two handed downward flower in this free video on bo staff techniques .
drawing a collage from magazine , furniture and other materials will help you create the focal point of your collage . learn how to create a future collage in this free video series .
you want to create a simple bird 's nest to help the flame hotter . learn how to make a tinder from a professional in this free crafts video .
the cycle of 4ths is a great scale to learn to help with music theory that can be applied to any key . learn tips on how to play this important scale technique from a musical expert in this free video clip .
a taorluath is a gaelic word that puts four notes in between two notes on the bagpipe chanter . learn more about playing bagpipes in this free video series .
practicing the e flat scale along with the bass one-finger shifting pattern is a great way to learn intonation . learn more about playing upright bass five-note scales in half position from a music teacher in this free bowed string instrument video .
look at your calligraphy model and figure out what you did right or did wrong in this exercise . learn about practicing letters in uncial handcalligraphy in this free art video from a calligrapher .
play four long bows on an upright bass with an open g string . learn how to play part five of `` scarborough fair '' on upright bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
create a separation between the mountains and water in a windmill watercolor painting . learn how to create a separation with expertise from a an art teacher in this free painting video .
hammond b3 organ percussion settings can be set to soft or soft , depending on the style of the music being played . personalize the sound of an organ with the right presets using these tips from an experienced musician in this free video .
children should be kept in a safe environment with proper hygiene . get tips for cleaning pet birdcages from a pet store owner in this free pet video .
looking for natural makeup tips ? learn how to apply strawberry eyeshadow during natural makeup in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
learn to make an origami paper airplane with instructions from a graphic artist in this free video on japanese origami .
a living trust is a process whereby a beneficiary is transferred to a trustee for the benefit of their living arrangements . create a living trust and avoid probate and estate taxes with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
learn how to play the diminished triad , first inversion piano chords in this free video music series that will teach you how to utilize one of the essentials of mastering the piano - playing diminished chords .
what are some of the components found in the motherboard 's power supply ? learn in this free video .
the counter space for letters m through r in cursive italic calligraphy is small . learn how to write lower case letters `` m '' through `` r '' in italic hand writing in this free art video from a professional calligrapher .
find out how to pack and check your luggage in portuguese , and other common phrases for luggage and bags , in this free language lesson video from a portuguguese language expert .
see a child suffering from earaches in this free video on alternative medicine treatments .
how to clean the pantry to avoid junk food ; get expert tips and advice from an expert chef on avoiding junk food in this free cooking video .
stretching the calves is very important in warming up the legs and hamstrings . learn some stretches for the calves from a chiropractor in this free video .
a double bump in belly dancing is a move that requires the hip to move slightly . learn drills to improve your belly dancing moves in this free belly dance lesson from a professional belly dancing performer and instructor .
learn how to use telephone wire for jewelry making with expert wire jewelry making tips and advice in this free online crafting video clip .
learn about cutting out the sides for your bookshelf from a carpentry expert in this free woodworking video .
using your hands , how to shape the lower portion of the bust figure including feminine features ; learn tips , tricks and techniques for creating beautiful sculpture in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
when training for an off-road triathlon , start with moderate , light-to-moderate weights and high repetitions . train intensely for a triathlon with tips from professional triathlete in this free iron man video .
dairy goats come from many different sources and require different breeding methods . learn about raising dairy goats from an organic farmer in this free dairy farming video .
canned or dry cats are less likely to spoil or go bad during a course of the day . care for cats and kittens alike properly with tips from an experienced animal care giver in this free video clip on pet care tips .
there are seven hand positions on the violin neck each with it 's own specific qualities for each key . learn how to play the violin f major scale in the 2nd hand position from an experienced musician in these free violin lesson videos .
an antiques expert explains the different shapes of antique pink luster in this free video on antique collecting and appraisal .
add ribbon to a silk bridal bouquet to make it look more elegant . learn how to add ribbon with silk wedding flowers in this free floral arrangement video clip .
learn how to do japanese shiatsu massage to the knee cap area to relieve tension and stress with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
wedging clay will extract air bubbles from the clay and prevent cracking . learn how to wedge clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
fix your slice by using the swing plane golf club ; learn pro golf tips for fixing , curing a slice in this free golf lesson video .
pull that fastball for a base hit with expert baseball tips in this free sports instruction video clip .
take care of your dry goods ; explore hot cereals and healthy alternatives to oatmeal in this free video on whole grain cereal tips .
panel job interviews usually involve several different people from the company . learn about panel types of job interviews in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
a pantry is a lower space for recycling . learn about using a pantry for recycling when moving into a new kitchen with expert tips in this free instructional moving video .
becoming a police officer requires passing an entrance exam , going through police academy and being hired on with an agency or taking a police academy . find out more information on how to become a policeman with tips from an experienced police officer in this free law enforcement video .
the eb major chord on saxophone can be sounded four different ways . form the eb major scale from the notes of saxophone scales with the playing tips in this free video music lesson from a professional saxophone instructor .
learn how to calculate area for flashing for a gable roof in this free home improvement video from a remodeling expert .
learn how to form a counterfeit sound with a b sound with expert voice throwing tips from a professional comedian in this free online ventriloquism lesson video clip .
blues drum beats are great to learn at parties where there are instruments around . learn tips on how to play this fun drum beat from a drum expert in this free video clip .
in golf , sitting and maintaining a balance is a great way to account for distance when chipping a golf ball below your feet . learn more about contouring and swinging from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
you have to hear about these bizarre hollywood stories about bela lugosi . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
swigs like to be approached very quietly , avoid a lot of commotion or fast movements , and they like pet them on the back . get basic pig care tips from a pig sanctuary in this free video on exotic pets .
a clarinet has a lot of key corks that are very important to the playability of your instrument . learn how to replace a clarinet key corork with tips from an instrument repair expert in this free clarinet maintenance video .
when making a calender , use tissue paper for the pictures . add pictures to a calendar with the crafts tips in this free video on calender gift projects from an arts and crafts teacher .
the bridge is a core exercise that works the glutes , abdominals and lower back . learn the bridge core exercise with tips from a professional trainer in this free exercise video .
adding layers styles , in photoshop , is a great way to enhance the appearance and texture of your textual image . learn to create layers styles for your liquid text from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
forming a cone on the potter 's wheel will prevent s cracking by redistributing the clay and opening the form . learn how to form a clay cone with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn how to make designs on gourds for decorative gourd art in this free online video arts and crafts lesson .
the proper cardio vascular program should incorporate all aspects of training , such as frequency and time , in order to develop a good muscular base . discover how to add cardio vascular training to a workout routine with expert tips an athletic trainer in this free physical fitness video .
learn how to mix the flour and butter to make a healthy homemade recipe in this free video clip on how to make your own homemade recipes .
what are some external components for computer power supply and how does one connect inputs ? learn in this free video .
cleaning and maintaining your swimming pool is a great skill . learn about the supplies you will need to keep a clean swimming pool with tips from a pool supply store manager in this free pool maintenance video .
regulator clocks were initially designed to be highly accurate clocks . find out what regulator clocks are in this free video on collecting antique connecticut clocks from an experienced antique clock collector .
get tips on playing a basic drum beat that has quarter notes on the bass drum , or kick drum , for beats 1 and 2 , in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
when sanding a door for painting , it should be done in a light sanding pattern to remove bumps and grains . sand the door before painting with tips from a professional painter in this free video on home improvement .
learn how to chop egg for creole shrimp crab salad with expert cooking tips in this free creole cuisine video clip .
learn how to work as a professional sports broadcaster with expert broadcasting tips in this free online sports journalism video clip .
it can be difficult to clean up after a customer has seen it all . learn some tips on cleanup from a master potter in this free video .
how to create a tasseled wave hairstyle ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
piping nunchucks from front to back , with one hand going through the front and the other out of the back , is an important technique to keep the ball from getting contaminated . flip nunchukas through the legs when juggling three balls with tips from a third-degree black belt in this free video
every drum needs to be tuned at one time or another . learn tips on how to tell when a snare drum head is tuned in this free video clip .
learn about river etiquette and why it 's important to wear a life jacket when kayaking in this free boating video on kayaking and canoeing for beginners .
when making a calender , trim out the days for each week to fit into the calendar . trim out a calendar with the crafts tips in this free video on calender gift projects from an arts and crafts teacher .
learn how to do the broadsword flower wushu technique in this free kung fu video .
learn how to choose an even location for a beauty pageant and get professional tips and advice from an expert on how to organize and direct a successful pageant event in this free fashion video .
learn how to play the level rpd in call of duty 4 : modern warfare with expert tips , advice , and a detailed walk through in this free military video game video clip .
defending against a samurai sword strike is easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
increase your core muscles with the plank knee-to- elbow exercise . learn how to do this advanced pilates exercise in this free fitness video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
how to orient an image for silkscreening your own t-shirts ; get professional tips and advice on screen printing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free silcreening video .
a reverse belly roll in belly dancing is done by tiring out the two centers of abdominal muscles , which are typically not stretched out . do reverse belly rolls for belly dancing with instructions from a dance director in this free video on belly dancing lessons .
when running , maintain nice straight arms and avoid running with the arms going from side-to-side to maintain an efficient body form . exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on running .
how to understand the roots for flower bulbs ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on picking , buying , and planting flower bulbs in this free gardening video .
how to choose soil for planting house plants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for indoor plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
stretch out your hamstrings , calves , and ankles after warming up ; learn simple stretches for long muscles , flexibility , and protection from injury in this free video .
laser hair removal is 98 percent to 99 percent permanent because once the heat gets down , the hair becomes permanently dead , and repeated treatments are required to keep the hair follicles healthy . find out how often laser hair removal treatments are needed , and get information on changing hormones , from an aesthetician in this free
pinot noir is a great red wine to pair with a variety of food , including salmon , meat and more . learn more about pairing pinot wine with food with wine with tips from a wine expert in this free wine video on pinot nir .
when cleaning a bathroom , a shower curtain should be wiped down once a week to remove all bacteria . clean the shower curtain with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
sculpture requires a variety of art tools . learn how to use the half round riffler tool for plaster sculptures in this free art lesson video .
battery problems are easy to solve with your digital camera . get tips for troubleshooting digital cameras in this free video clip about taking professional digital pictures .
when bike riding uphill , it 's worthwhile to accelerate through hard , open sections of the terrain . learn how in this free instructional sports video on bikes for beginners .
learn how to add some toppings to a maple pancake recipe in this free breakfast food cooking video .
plumereria plants are beautiful plants to grow in your garden or home . learn all about plumereria plant care with gardening tips from a horticulturist in this free gardening video .
in fashion design , a volleyball shorts can be sporty and sporty . design beach volleyball shorts with tips on lingerie designs from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
leopard gecko supplements will help to prevent health issues . learn how to supplement your gecko 's food with tips from an industry professional in this free exotic pet care video .
playing lead with hammer offs is a great lead guitar exercise . learn to play lead guitar riffs in b minor from a seasoned musician in this free guitar video .
strengthen oblique muscles using free weights by doing the warrior pose and holding the free weights up . strengthen the oblique muscle with tips from a fitness director in this free exercising video .
learn to use props descriptions in the celtx screenwriting software project library in this free screenwriting video .
learn how to improve your skiing skills from an expert ski instructor in this free step-by-step skiing video .
great trick for point guards . learn tips for dribbling a basketball in this free basketball lesson from an experienced player .
for a final collage piece , lay out the first layer in the same way as the first before moving on . make under-layer collage materials with tips from a professional artist in this free video on arts and crafts .
stay on top of a baseball and prevent popping out . learn how to keep your hands on a baseball with swinging instructions in this free video lesson .
get the proper ingredients needed to make german potato pancakes ; learn more about traditional german food in this free cooking video .
learn some great practicing tips for the approach to scale playing in this free music video on how to approach and play different scales on guitar .
learn the basics of wushu in this free martial arts video .
check out the gamut warning in photoshop for oversaturated or over saturated images . learn to use adjustment layers in this free photoshop tutorial video .
back postures are good for elongating the spine , moving the spine and twisting the spine . learn relaxing yoga back stretches from a professional instructor in this free fitness video .
learn how the price of guts poker can rise in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
spring is a time for new life , new growth and ideas . learn how to transition from winter to spring from a professional organic gardener in this free health video .
the rules of some dice games make it so that if you use less than the full amount of rolls for your turn , you can force your opponents to use the same number . learn how to play bar dice in this free gaming video .
ludwig van beethoven was one of the greatest music composers in history and this piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
use a potter 's knife to remove small clay pieces from the hump . learn to remove a large clay vessel on the pottery wheel in this free ceramics video .
defanging the snake is a principle that says you need to take out of play . learn how to do an arm strike in this free video about self-defense techniques for women .
learn some expert tips on how to close your pillows by hand in this free home decoration video on making and sewing decorative pillows .
learn how to move in heroscape in this free video series that will show you how to play the basic version of the table top rpg heroscape game .
need a professional makeup artist ? get tips for finding a job in this free makeup tips video clip from a professional beauty consultant .
moisturizers should be used before surgery . learn what skin care products to take care of after surgery in this free skin care video form a licensed medical aesthetician .
learn how to do cramp rolls in advanced tap dancing with expert tap dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online advanced dance lesson and choreography video clip .
learn how and where to find the right materials to mount a photo onto poster board in this free art collection and hobbies video .
a voltage meter is set up to a voltage setting by placing a v or a small line on the voltage setting . use a voltage meter properly with tips from a general contractor in this free home maintenance video .
the background of a patch art design is very important and should be visible all the time in order to make the design pop . design and create unique patch art with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
hold a screwball in a softball grip by applying pressure on the seams and putting the thumb on the bottom seam . learn tips on how to grip a fastball in this free video on softball pitching techniques from a relief pitcher .
the double jump is a jump rope technique for kickboxing fitness that 's great for improving timing and endurance . learn the double jump jump rope techniques from a professional martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
all fire extinguishers need to be maintained on a regular basis . learn how to maintain a fire extinguisher from a fire marshal in this free safety video .
when centering a ceramic teapot , a pin tool can be used to cut in to the center of the vessel . center a clay base for a ceramic tea pot with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
how to cut end grain using a block plane ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on carpentry tools in this free home improvement video .
learn tips on how to write the word 'recite ' with the chinese radical of mouth in this free video clip on chinese characters and foreign languages .
maintain japanese boxwoods by paying attention to watering , fertilizing and maintaining the soil moisture level . learn how to care for potted plants in this free gardening video .
learn how to embellish a henna design door hanger for the home with expert tips on dcor in this free arts and crafts video clip .
get a walk-through of the flood in halo 3 with expert tips and advice on video games in this free xbox 360 instructional video .
doubling down is a card game in blackjack . learn tips for dealing cards in this free video clip about becoming a blackjack card dealer .
learn how to play specific blues chords on the flute in the key of b flat from a professional flutist in this free music lesson video about musical instruments and music theory .
add a photo album in templated website design in this free series of web site creation clips from our experienced internet consultant .
surprise and astound your friends with this fun bar trick called round in this free video clip .
to begin a sauteed rosemary shrimp recipe , mix vegetable stock with water . learn to make vegetable stock for rosemary vinegar pork chops from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to remove pine needles while screen washing in this free online video about home pool care .
there is a government branch of the department of public safety standards in oregon that coordinates with the police academy . learn more about how to become a security officer inregon with tips from a veteran security guard in this free video .
a personal trainer 's expenses vary depending on the type of business . learn more about personal trainer expenses with tips from a personal trainer in this free video on personal training .
get an introduction on how to play a four on the floor drum beat ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
for snowball throwing , gloves are very important to keep the hands dry and warm . choose the right hand-wear for snowball throwing with tips from a seasoned snowball engineer in this free video on snowballs .
make upright bass practice fun by playing songs in 4-4 time . learn how to play part five of `` auld lang syne '' on upright bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
learn tips on how to make a round challah loaf with raisins in this free recipe video clip on bread baking .
the fan is a burmese dance chant that is taught by young women in the muranish dance . learn to use the fan chant in the argentine dance with tips from a dance instructor in this free video on dancing .
a diamond expert explains the different types of certificates used for appraisals in this free diamond video .
how to do a first clay pull for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
sitting in a saddle for six hours is a good option for those with special needs . learn about the difference between leather and leather saddles in this free video about saddles for horseback riding .
make sure the two sides are symmetrical when making a crokee-style sunglasses . learn to make crocheted sunglasses from a veteran fashion designer in this free crafts video .
in order to delete e-mail messages from microsoft outlook , click the delete or ex button in the menu bar and select the item to be deleted . keep an inbox clean and remove unwanted items from it by following the easy steps in this free video from an internet business consultant .
it 's important to have a clean work area before performing facial waxing . learn some tips for cleaning the work area from a professional stylist in this free video .
yoga works all parts of your upper body including your arms and shoulders . learn a few upper body strengthening exercises from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
off-track betting in otb involves betting on horses and dogs , and televising races , and receiving mail and e-mail to mail off bets . learn about off-track poker and how the game of otb works in this free otb video from a mutual teller .
learn what type of materials you will need to build your basement in this free home improvement video .
add a website to a microsoft windows favorites list by clicking on internet explorer to learn how to import and export videos and images from a computer specialist in this free video .
to play rock patterns on base drum , learn a one and , and of two , three , four count . practice playing rock beats on the base drum with expert tips from a professional drummer in this free video about learning to play rock beats .
charles de beriot ii was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
sake is not a distilled beverage that should be mixed with beer or wine . find out sake 's history in this free video sake guide from a master sake sommelier .
finding the right size bra is essential for women 's clothing . learn how to find and fit the right bra fitting in this free video on woman 's lingerie .
the parts of a bass bow include the french model , the stick , the screw and the open string cycle . hold a violin bow correctly with tips from a music teacher in this free stringed instrument video .
so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on the string winder and thumb pick .
finding the proper memory for a mac computer depends on the type of computer and the running style . find the correct memory with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computers .
the best sunreens for oily skin are ones that are made with oil-free , matte blocks that have a high spf , and which also have an oil absorbing properties . choose a sunscreen for oily skins with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this free video on skin care .
how to space the plants for a home vegetable garden in this free organic gardening video . get beginner gardening tips & ideas .
the bounce pass drill can improve your accuracy and ball control . get expert tips and advice on basketball drills , rules , and history in this free video .
the second part of a yoga rib cage breathing sequence is a powerful way to send the heart , brain and all of the internal organs into the air . learn tips on how to do this yoga breathing exercise from an experienced yoga instructor in this free video .
learn how to cut your bi-fold door to fit correctly when installing walls from a professional contractor in this free video on home remodeling and construction .
keep track of pages on an internet browser by creating bookmarks that store the address of the pages within a computer . organize web bookmarks by organizing them with tips from an internet guru in this free video on how to use internet browser features .
wood furniture is sanded after the finish is applied . find out how to sand wood furniture in this free video .
adding tzatziki to fermented foods is part of a healthy greek diet . learn how to make zatziki in this free video .
a c # minor pentatonic scale on saxophone is extracted from the e major scale , the c sharp minor . play an a1st position in saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
there are countless tap dance moves and combinations . learn how to do a flap hop tap dance move from our expert dancer in this free video clip on beginning tap dancing .
learn tips and information on how to unload the sled before a dogsled race in this free instructional video clip about the dogsled game in iditarod .
the bo staff overhead strike is a technique that can be used in conjunction with other strikes or against a single attacker . practice the overhead strike with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on bo staff techniques .
watch as a seasoned diyer demonstrates how to effectively remove solder from copper piping before sweating ( joining and soldering ) them in this free online video about home repair .
learn how to read oracle cards from a professional tarot reader in this free fortune-telling video .
help your child identify objects with pictures in a montessori game . learn how to play a matching game with games in this free educational video clip from a creditedessori teacher .
learn how to promote healthy eating with organic foods by including them in your diet and avoiding processed foods in this free health video clip .
learn how to do a two handles exercise with a kinesis system in this free fitness video on functional exercise training with the kinesit system .
learn how to use the the coluzzle hack with a fun , easy recipe in this free arts and crafts video on making a children 's dessert party .
learn about the main referee in soccer , and what their colors and colors signify , in this free how-to video on the basics and rules of soccer .
use your fingers to smooth across the sand and really spread it out . learn how to make a chinese garden in this free crafts video .
a slab roller is used in pottery to prepare clay for slabs of clay . learn tips on how to prepare your clay properly and with a slab roller from a pottery expert in this free video clip .
learn how to assemble the second part of heroscape cards in this free card game video about how to play `` fifa 08 '' fantasy game .
when buying a garden hose , decide how much space the hose needs to be and whether it is a half inch or a five-eighths inch hose . buy a garden hoses with tips from a landscaper in this free video on gardening and lawn care tips .
learn tips for how to add cheese to gourmet latin recipes in this free mac and cheese recipe from a professional caterer .
learn how to serve orange honey glazed chicken wings in this free online video cooking lesson .
how to draw fruit for carving a baby stroller ; learn more about decorating your kitchen in this free instructional video .
learn how to play fall out boy 's 'sugar we 're going down ' and other popular songs in this free video clip series that will have you playing everyone 's favorite songs on guitar in no time .
learn how to use the pool in cubase music recording software in this free online video tutorial .
pet turtles should always be active and alert when kept as pets . learn to identify healthy turtle behaviors with tips from the owner of a reptile store in this free pet care video .
lazranthus is a beautiful south african plant that grow well in different conditions , such as hot sun . grow lampranthus with tips from a professional gardener in this free video on gardening .
great for parties ! learn how to cook chicken wings in this free appetizer recipe from our professional chef .
aquilla turtles like eating plants , water plants that grow in the wild and streams and ponds , as well as insects . find out what aquatic turtles eat with tips from a reptile specialist in this free video on turtle care .
learn how to cut chocolate from an expert baker in this free recipe video about how to make delicious peanut butter chocolate cookies .
learn how to prepare tofu for korean soon tobu ji gae with expert cooking tips in this free korean cuisine video clip .
learn tips on what the running back does during a reverse trick play in this free video clip on american football .
wood block is a common wood block used for classical music . learn more about this important part of playing the violin from a professional musician in this free video .
using markers to help kids learn about different textures and supplies you 'll need to create art projects ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson on video about art projects for kids taught by expert pamela grier .
in math , proportions are an equation that says two ratios are equal . solve problems with proportions with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
learn how to properly install winter floor mats to winterize your car , extend its life , and improve safety in this free vehicle maintenance and safety video .
in knitting , a long-tail cast on technique is simple with a hand placed on the yarn . cast on in knitting with tips from a knitting teacher in this free video on hand crafting .
hearing aid technology has improved dramatically over the years . learn about the difference between analog hearing aids and digital hearing aids from a professional audiologist in this free health video .
discover tips for adding the lemon and lemon to your tomato and feta salad in this free video recipe .
a rounded chelsea collar design get its name because it is longer in length . learn more about drawing a rounded chelisea collar fashion design with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
help the kids decorate a valentine 's day craft project , using materials like paper , scissors and glue , in this free craft video .
learn how to make a handmade congratulations card and more in this free arts and crafts video taught by an expert .
your pa system cables should be taped down in a straight line . learn tips on how to tape pa cables from a multimedia technology expert in this free technology video .
tips for topping the tomatoes with cucumber for your tomato and feta salad ; learn how to chop the cucumber in this free video recipe .
losing up to five pounds in five days is safe with blood sugar balance , good nutrition and good exercise . lose weight safely with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
when elevating a car rear end during a tire rotation , place the jack under a sturdy place like the center of the vehicle . find out more about where to place a rear end jack with tips from an automotive repair specialist in this free video on car tires .
as soon as you put two pigments together , you 're going to have a somewhat duller pigment . learn how to mix secondary colors from an art instructor in this free color theory video .
the albysjon is a vodka-based mixed drink that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
learn how to clean and replace negative battery terminals to winterize your car , extend its life , and improve safety in this free vehicle maintenance and safety video .
trying to apply foundation with a wedge ? get tips for using a makeup sponge to apply makeup in this free beauty and fashion video clip .
learn how to serve your finished tiramisu dessert recipe from our expert in this free dessert recipe video on making a delicious tirumisu .
burmese dancing uses floating objects to tell stories . learn to do the floating figure in the free dance lesson video from an award-winning filipino dancer .
practicing improv with the game , `` beatnik poet . '' learn how to play improv games to practice acting skills in this free video on theatre and performance .
using black , gray , black and red wire can help you attach a design to your gothic bracelet in less than a minute . learn more in this free video series .
learn how to fold a finished garment in this free online instructional video , including tips for folding clothes like shirts , jeans , dresses , skirts , sweaters and more .
where is the power plug ? learn about diagnosing vintage audio equipment in this free vintage electronics restoration video .
learn about dilemmas in accordion solitaire with expert tips and advice on solitaire in this free video about solitaire card games .
before starting a valance craft project , it 's important to mark the placement of the beads . mark beads for a window valance project with tips from a crafts teacher in this free video on arts and crafts .
in tai chi , or yin and yang , is full and empty in the legs and is the most basic philosophy . learn more about this philosophy from an authentic teacher in this free martial arts video .
leopard handles basic mouse features very efficiently . learn how to use the mouse feature in leopard from an apple computer specialist in this free computer software video .
learn how to lay out designs for a mosaic clay tile table in this free ceramics video tutorial .
the forward knife thrust is a self defense move that should be immediately felt before the move . prepare for the worst with these tips from a black belt kung fu instructor in this free self defense video .
learn about the parts of a razor scooter like its handle bar , the brake , and more , in this free sports recreation video from our razor scootering expert .
there are dozens of ways to play a dm ( d minor ) guitar chord and even more ways to use harmony notes up and down the guitar neck . learn one specific way to play in the key of dm from a guitar expert in this free video clip .
learn how to cut the roots when growing black eyed susan plants in this free gardening video clip .
how to build the c major chord on the guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
how to use a bench grinder buffer wheel ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sharpening tools , shaping and polishing metal in this free instructional video .
snowboarding clothing is crucial for the snowboarder . choose the right snowboard jacket with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free extreme sports video .
foiling can be tricky . learn how to adhesion between a sauder and copper foiling in this free crafting video clip from a professional art instructor .
drawing emo cartoons is similar to drawing traditional cartoons , except that the drawings are raw , dirty and dark . sketch out emo cartoones with a demonstration from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
learn how nutrients support your metabolism and which nutrients do so with expert health tips in this free online metabolism video clip .
pleece is an easy fabric to work with because you do n't need a zig stitch . learn how to create your own masterpieces in this free video series that will have you mastering sewing projects in no time .
karate kicks to multiple targets from outside position . learn how to apply the outside side kick in self defense in this free martial arts video .
in aikido , the wrist is designed as a joints of the ankles , elbows and shoulders so that they operate the same way . learn how to do a basic wrist lock technique in this free video .
learn how to deal with firbromyalgia symptoms in this free medical video .
how to play church organ and keyboard by background ; get expert tips and instruction on playing organs and other musical instruments for church in this free music lesson video .
before digitizing drawings , prepare the drawings for the scanner . scan drawings for a digitized drawing in this free flash tutorial from a professor in animation and interactive media .
yoga 's wheel pose and one of the most basic yoga positions is the wheel pose . learn more about yoga twists and twists from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
in a job interview , dress styles should reflect the culture of the workplace and establish a good rapport with the superiors . learn about dress styles in this free video on career information .
the standing lunge is a yoga maneuver that opens the hips , relieves stress and stretches the groin . practice the standing legged lunge with tips from a registered yoga instructor in this free video on yoga .
learn how to cut out the snowmen chain for christmas in this free video clip about easy christmas crafts .
use transfer paper to avoid mistakes when oil painting the portrait of a girl . learn more about collaring and oil painting from a professional artist in this free painting video .
the cha cha cha is a basic cha cha dance that consists of one step to the side and a rock back and forth across the dance floor . learn to cha cha and dance from a professional ballroom dance instructor in this free video on dance .
learn to store baby toys in this free video on baby toys and safety .
the phrygian mode is the third of seven music modes in any scale including the b harmonic minor scale . play the violin in the key of b minor with tips and advice from an experienced musician and violinist in this free video on music theory .
watch and learn from our expert how-to tips for jumping on stilts in this free circus tricks video on tips for using , owning , and jumping stilts .
how to mix paint for making hand painted nail art ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
the d major , along with every other scale , has different modes which are determined by the starting and ending note played in the scale . learn how to play the fourth mode called the lydian mode from an expert violinist in this free video .
playing chromatics on the organ with hands and feet is a key part of improving organ skills for gospel music . play organ chromatics with hands as well as feet with music tips in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
how to dice peppers for a spanish omelette ; get expert tips and advice on making traditional cuban breakfast recipes in this free cooking video .
how to understand and play rhythm when reading guitar tab ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
learn what jewelry not to pair with a summer sun dress in this free fashion video clip .
learn how to become a professional contortionist by watching this series of free series of health fitness videos from our expert gymnast .
extra techniques for how to use watercolor painting techniques to create new works of art ; tips and techniques to how to begin painting with watercolors in this free online art video taught by expert larry dubitsky .
hot stone massage for the upper back should be done with concentric pressure . practice hot stone massage therapy with this free massage video .
how to set up a new document and mail merge in microsoft word ; learn more about mail merge features from a computer training expert in this free instructional video .
look for national event registration forms online or by mail and learn how from our professional driver in this free drag-racing video on nhra event registration .
kids do better under chiropractic adjustments than adults . learn more benefits of having kids adjusted at home with tips from an experienced chiropractor in this free video on alternative medicine .
get rid of blackheads by exfoliating the face regularly , rinsing the face with cool water and using a blackhead removing strip . learn more ways to get rid of dead skin with expert tips from a beauty professional in this free video about acne and blemishes .
a diamond expert explains how to size diamonds in this free video about diamonds .
learn all about the different styles of roller derby in this free instructional video on starting a roller derby team .
use forms in excel by clicking on the data menu , selecting the new data and entering in the new information . use forms , such as rca cables , in excel with tips from an experienced excel user in this free video on computer software .
there 's three flats b , e and a will all be flat notes . learn about upright bass major and minor scales in this free stringed instrument video on octave scales from a music teacher .
how to manually sharpen a chain saw ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on sharpening gardening tools in this free instructional video .
when throwing hooks in boxing , stay relaxed and use body weight to focus on the shot . throw a hook in boxing with tips from a boxing coach and trainer in this free instructional video on beginner boxing tips .
football pass rushing tips . learn how to make contact after the snap with expert tips and advice on the defensive tackle position in this free video clip on football .
learn how to use markers for homemade valentine 's gifts from a professional art teacher in this free video about giving handmade cards .
learn how to play seether 's 'broken ' and other popular songs in this free video clip series that will have you playing everyone 's favorite songs on guitar in no time .
the second row in a crochet scrunchie should be careful not to undo the first row . learn how to crochet a bag from start to finish in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .
in relief printmaking , repetition is a large aspect of the work . learn more about repetition with expertise from a printmaker in this free printmaking video .
children should never be near a campfire . learn about the dangers of starting campfires in this free cold weather camping video guide .
there are dozens of licks , runs , licks and licks to play on a hammond organ , all of which are short versions of a scale . play organ licks for gospel music with the music tips in this free video organ lesson from a church organist .
use hand-forming techniques to make a cone for your sandcastle . learn how to build a clay castle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
after building the outer wall of a castle , build turrets on your castle . learn how to build turrets in a castle in this free video .
clean your vcr-head on-air vcr by using a cleaning tape to clean the head , making sure the counter is moving and then ejecting the tape . follow the instructions on the vcr to get the cleaning tape ready for use on a tv with tips from a videographer in this free video
dog massage on the stomach and genital area is a great way to check for cancer or excess skin . learn how to massage your dog in circular motions in this free pet care video lesson on giving dog massages .
how to find cheap airline deals in this free video on travel tips .
using a chair , tone your butt muscles and glutes with the sissy squat and overhead triceps extension . learn how to do circuit training sissy squats and triceps extensions in this free workout video from a certified personal trainer .
tai chi weapons such as sticks can be used for stylized , stylized strikes . learn how to do linear strikes with a tai chi stick in this free martial arts video .
childproofing gates keep intruders out of the house . childproof gates with tips from a parenting specialist in this free home safety video .
in feng shui , yin and yang opposites are represented by things such as tall , short , dark , ornate and curved . learn about these directional yin designs in this free video from a leading feng chi practitioner .
the dinosaur with the very , very long head . learn all about brontosaurus in this free dinosaur information video from a science expert .
for juggling four balls , the 631 site swaps have a high vertical throw with two low crosses underneath . perform 631 sites swaps for four-ball juggling with tips from a juggling enthusiast in this free video on hobbies .
bicep curls are great exercises for upper body strength . learn tips on how to do this exercise correctly and effectively in this free video clip .
learn how to properly fix a baritone saxophone and get professional instruction for playing this versatile and beautiful instrument in this free music lesson video .
when people work from home , it is not always nice to shower or to shower . become a productive person with tips from a freelance writer in this free video on working from home .
playing an isolated double drum beat on strokes three and four in an eight-count measure with the left hand creates a quick sense of 16th notes . play this isolated double-beat variation on a snare drum with tips and advice from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
a square right hand grip in your golf swing is important . try the free golf tip for having a better grip and swing in this video golf lesson .
learn how to practice the rhythm with a partner from a professional dance coach for the sexy latin dance the cha cha in this free dance lesson video clip .
travian online has alliances that you can access , get expert tips and advice on video and computer games in this free video .
you do not want to get yes and no answers from the subject in video interviews . learn how to interview subjects from an experienced interviewer in this free film production video .
when adding an internal hard drive to a computer , do n't over-tighten the screws while protecting the hardware . add an external hard drive with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computers .
learn how to use coupons as christmas gifts for your boyfriend with expert tips on christmas presents in this free video .
reading instructions for home drug tests is important , especially in a professional setting . learn about read home drug test instructions with tips from a certified medical assistant in this free health video .
how to cut the side layers for cutting and layering curly hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
drawing an image of a skyscraper in 3d design requires thinking about what happens below and above you . draw three-dimensional images in two-dimensional design with an artist in this free video art lesson .
teeth whitening trays are often given by dentists at the dentist 's office . learn how to use dental impressions for at-home whitening with tips from a dental hygienists in this free oral hygiene video .
learn how to build up a nitrogen cycle with your goldfish in this free pet care video .
learn how to mix creole seasoning for garlic chicken ; learn tips , tricks , techniques and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert creole chef karl james .
pro tool is in almost every big studio in the world . learn how to use master volume in pro tools in this free video series .
make sure to fasten the bottom ring of djembe drums , keeping the loops tight , by tightening the knots when tightening the rings . secure the bottom rings of a drum using proper knots with tips from an instrument maker in this free video .
learn some great tips on how to prepare your dough when making homemade bagels from our expert chef in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
over-the-head triceps stretches are a little more difficult than other shoulder stretches . get tips on the proper way to stretch your triceps from a former professional athlete in this free video .
the best places to find shoes and clothing at cheap retail prices is overstock sites , such as zappos dot com and walmart . look at specialty shoe stores for great prices with tips from an experienced retail shoe store manager in this free video on fashion .
descendant of dinosaurs . learn about the ancestors of triceratops in this free dinosaur information video from a science expert .
easy halloween decorations ! learn about decorating a tablecloth for a spiderweb tablecloth in this free video clip about crafting a spider web necklace .
indian food is full of interesting spices and flavors . learn how to add amchoor for indian potatoes , carrots & peas in this free recipe video .
everyone needs classic styles . get tips for picking the right clothing for your clothing in this free video series about how to build a woman 's wardrobe .
get a walkthrough of weapons and supplies in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
a splatter shield in watercolor painting is created by pressing a large piece of plastic in half with a random shaped area . learn how to splatter paint with tips from an art teacher in this free painting video .
learn how to do shell trim top layers of a layer cake and get expert tips on homemade baking recipes in this free cooking video .
three card poker is played with a standard deck of 52 cards , and each player is dealt three cards to play two games in one . discover how to play three card poker , including tips from an experienced card player in this free video on poker games .
start with the inside of the rainbow and then move to the top . learn how to paint a rainbow with face paints in this free hobby video .
get tips on playing a basic drum beat variation that has quarter notes on the bass drum , or kick drum , for beats 1 and 2 , in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
t-shirt design tips ! learn ideas for making your own tshirt in this free video clip about easy t-shirt designs .
dryness is caused by numerous oil glands on the skin . learn how to prevent wrinkles with dry skin with expert tips in this free wrinkle treatment and prevention video .
the revolved head-to-knee pose is a seated pose in yoga that is great for engaging the diver and back muscles . learn to perform this intricate pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
older students are more willing to learn theory or a subject than ever before . get tips on other benefits of a college research project from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
the downshift is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
it 's important , in kung fu , to point your feet in the same direction when performing the fighting stance footwork . learn to execute this important footwork from a professional kin fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
the basic parts of an acoustic bass are the strings , the bows and the upright bass . learn about the basic elements of bass with tips from a music teacher in this free stringed instrument video .
plant gift basket accessories make your gift basket more personal . learn how to pick the appropriate plants for gift baskets with tips from a florist in this free gift basket video .
get longer by practicing longer drives ; try this golf tip to improve your drives and better your golf game in this free video golf lesson .
a little girl 's basket is a great gift for mother 's day that mom will love . learn tips on how to choose the best basket for your gift in this free video about making personalized easter gift baskets for children .
the six eight rhythm in belly dancing is a very important dance step . learn how to do this rhythm with expert tips in this free dance lesson video .
keep the chin parallel to the ground in the hero yoga pose . learn the yoga hero pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
when playing saxophone arpeggios in the key of a sharp , the a sharp scale is used . play an a sharp minor scale on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
shaping the shoulder of a pool cue helps prevent mushrooming . get expert tips and advice from a certified pool instructor in this free pool instructional video .
having short sprints is a good way to loosen up the body and cool down before a workout . get tips for giving yourself a short sprint from a former professional athlete in this free video .
a pedodontic dentist has a two-year specialty degree and concentrates on dental treatment for children . discover what dentists do and what they do with tips from a dentist in this free video on dental hygiene .
how to toast rice for orange pepper chicken ; learn more about making traditional mexican and latin american food in this free cooking video .
watch as a seasoned expert demonstrates how to remove carpet stains in this free online video about professional carpet care .
lift the arms like you 're taking off a t-shirt . learn how to do tee shirt arms in spiritual belly dancing in this free dance video .
learn about the five basic rules of improvisation for an improv comedy routine in this free video clip .
learn the chinese symbols for pathway with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language specialist in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
bandannas can be hidden with a simple hip-hop pocket accessory . learn to place bandannas in a pocket with cheap accessories in this free hip hop video from a fashion designer .
using a paint brush that comes with a variety of artist 's brushes is a good idea . learn how to make a sign from a professional craftswoman in this free sign making video .
the one legged hops are great for getting your butt muscles tight , loose weight and toned . learn how to do this exercise in this free fitness video .
removing the belly cast design from the nursery ; learn how to decorate a belly cast in this free video .
when a cat is urinating , it is important to change places where they pea , such as the litter box or the dining room . fix a litter box with tips from an animal rescue volunteer in this free video on cat behavior .
clean up a ceramic herb planter with a saline solution . learn how to clean up clay condiment bowls with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
watch and learn from our experts how to do some sit up exercises in this free health and fitness video on athletic strength training exercises for performance .
the california hurricane is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
learn how to repair a clamshell break in a windshield with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
the flower pose in yoga is a great leg strengthening yoga exercise and involves lifting the feet off the floor . learn more about the flower yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
tennis rackets generally break down into natural gut , nylon , mono-filament polymer and titanium strings . discover how tennis racket strings are made with information from a uspta certified tennis pro in this free video on tennis equipment .
learn how to season chicken cacciatore and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert chef karl james .
gripping a golf club properly is essential for improving your golf game . get tips on how to fix a bad golf swing and grip in this free golfing instruction video .
some of the hardest work out routines are stretching your knees . learn how to do some stretching for chair dancing with tips from a dance instructor in this free aerobic dance video .
practicing how to play a basic drum beat with quarter notes on the bass drum , or kick drum , for beats 1 and 4 , in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
gain some essential tips that will help you conduct music in this free video series that will teach you all you need to know to become a great music conductor .
learn about the cover with expert tips and advice on making a picture light switch cover in this free home decorating video making light switch plate covers .
adding foot sounds to flamenco dance steps will improve dance comfort . learn how to make foot sounds for flamenc dancing in this free dance lesson video from an award-winning florist .
the 2-5-1 note for a saxophone pentatonic scale includes three sharps f , c and g notes . play a bluegrass scale on saxophone in the key of b with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
a few types of cut off tools are mechanical saws , jig saws and skilsaws . learn more about cutting off tools from a professional carpenter in this free video .
buying music cdr 's or cd 's is a one-time recordable option and should be printed or emailed to a home page . use a cdr- memorex and ink-jet printable face on a cd to be a hip-hop recording artist with tips from a veteran hip
how to finish sewing the sides of a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
magazine pages make a great source for gift wrapping . watch this free video clip and see how a gift wrapping expert does it .
tips to make the recipe for spinach pakora . learn the cooking tips for making an indian snack in this free cooking video .
the best sunscreen is always best for people with a different skin type , but people with dry skin can use a solar defense booster or a moisturizer for a great instant spf 30 barrier . choose the best sunscreen that protects them from makeup with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this free video on skin care
how to find , use and use beads to make rock and gemstone jewelry ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by an expert .
smooth out the base of pottery candlesticks so that they can be trimmed . learn how to get a smooth surface for trimming when throwing a clay candlestick in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
learn about the rules of sabre fencing and how to hold a pool game in this free expert video clip on sabre fencing .
learn how to add a wall to a drawing , with tips on breaking the rules of perspective effectively , in this free video drawing lesson .
to change the blades on a band saw , unplug the machine , remove the cover and get a phillips screwdriver ready . change band saw blades with this free video from a professional contractor .
change a mail notification sound in outlook by going to the program events window , selecting sounds and audio devices and then clicking on the `` change '' option under the `` sound and audio device section . '' change the sound of a mailing notification in outlook to a new sound using tips from an internet business consultant in this free
have a solid stance , bring elbows into the side and fully extend the arms back . learn this triceps kickback exercise with expert tips from a professional personal trainer in this free fitness video .
birthday cards are fun and easy to make for friends , family and loved ones all year round . make a birthday card with a scrapbooking craftswoman in this free video on gifts and crafts .
selecting a sponsor is a bit different in `` fifa 08 '' manager mode , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills , moves , and rules in this free video .
learn how to combine all the ingredients for making some beef stroganoff from our expert in this free recipe video on learning how to make your own beef mixture .
cure your slice by using correct club head technique ; learn pro golf tips for fixing , curing a slice in this free golf lesson video .
when a crochet scarf is at a length you would like to make a slipknot . learn how to properly end a crocheted scarf with tips from a craft expert in this free crochet video .
how to cut an onion ; learn more about green , yellow , and spring onions in this free cooking video .
how to build a good improv scene ; learn about the rules of improv in this free video on theatre acting tips and techniques .
a single breve latte is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
learn the upward face plank pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
aces can be played high or low , and because of this , you have to stop at an ace . learn how to play aces in golf poker in this free gaming video .
the diamond step is a popular dance step in akmar garcia new oasis . learn to do a diamond step in belly dancing with tips from a dance expert in this free dance lesson video .
if you are doing a wheelchair wheelie , it 's important to make sure you move both hands back and forth while performing this wheelchair trick . learn how in this free wheelchair tricks and stunts video lesson .
learn how to bake this homemade leek soup recipe with expert cooking tips in this free video clip .
shifting on upright bass means playing in half position with the left hand . learn how to shift on the d string on an upright bass from a music teacher in this free bowed string instrument video .
how to blow dry hair for curly hairstyles ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
take pins out before you get to them and do n't sew across the pins . learn how to turn shorts into a handbag in this free sewing video .
it 's important to water native flower bulbs consistently . learn how to water ornamental flower bulbs in this free gardening video .
add interest to a wood bowl by stain . learn how to stain a bowl when painting a bowl in this free woodworking lesson from a painting instructor and professional painter .
you forget how easy it is to grow as a gardener . learn how to plant and care for rhubarb in this free gardening video .
lead a viewer around a 2-d design field with imaginary lines and diagonals . lead a viewer in two-dimensional design with tips from an artist in this free design video .
facial scrubs should be used three times a week in skin care , and they 're generally used after cleansing the skin . learn more about the benefits of using facial scrubs with tips from a licensed aesthetician in this free video series on skin care .
a very high percentage return to serve will put your opponent at a good distance . learn about service return returns in tennis footwork from a professional instructor in this free sports video .
keeping a hive open means knowing where the bees are and how they came out ; learn about beekeeping and the hand gestures in this free apiary video .
there are four channel amplifiers and each has different sound capabilities . learn tips for picking out the ideal car stereo in this free auto electronics video .
do you want to be a drummer ? watch this free video clip on beginning drum strokes and let our expert help get you there .
turning an outside salsa dance turn can be done either direction or across the head . learn how to do an outside turn a salsa dance with tips from a professional dance instructor in this free dance lesson video .
learn how to color designs on gourds for decorative gourd art in this free online video arts and crafts lesson .
finding the ip address of a computer in microsoft windows is done by going to the start menu , running cmd in the dos window and typing in the ip configuration feature . learn more about finding a pc 's ip address on a pc with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on microsoft window .
the straight blast or chain punch is a jujitsu technique that is great for starting a street fight . learn more about the straight blast and chain punch from a professional martial artist in this free video .
pets add weight to a workout routine . learn how to do the sissy squat with single arm lateral raises in this free workout video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
to french braid short hair , divide the hair into two sections , divide each section into three sections to create a smaller frenchraid and then blend the braids together to get the rest of the hair out . avoid using too many sections of hair for braiding short hair with beauty tips from a professional hairstyl
how to understand the benefits of using a block plane ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on carpentry tools in this free home improvement video .
a side foot movement with a belly dancing shimmy creates a nice flip with the hip . add side foot movements to belly shimmies with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
get 1/16 note drumming practice with expert tips and advice on reading drum music and beats in this free video .
make old chair furniture look new ! learn how to remove screw holes to repair old furniture in this free woodworking video from a furniture restoration expert .
thai yoga wrist stretches can help you relieve aches and pains caused by carpel tunnel syndrome . learn how to do wrist stretches for a yoga warm up with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
for a realistic cardboard model car , outlining the area around the body and headlights is a great way to add detail . outline a car with tips from an experienced crafter in this free video on arts and crafts .
add variance to the swing drum beat pattern by playing the snare drum on the and of one in order to create a more intense sound . learn more about playing the kick drum for the swing cymbal with expert tips in this free drumming video .
firefighters don a scba by grabbing the top of the shoulder straps and putting it on the back . learn how to don scba coats in this free video on donning firefighter gear .
a golf shaft is an important part of a golf swing . learn how to pick a golf shaft in this free video about golf equipment and supplies .
when building a telegraph , the morse code was developed in 1838 . learn about the theory behind telegraph building with a demonstration from a science teacher in this free video on fundamental physics .
fitting a british slip dog lead is convenient for dogs who do not wear collars . use a burdish slip for walks with tips from a dog trainer in this free pet care video series .
toning your legs requires adding strengthening exercises to a regular routine , along with regular cardiovascular exercise and weight loss . tone your legs with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on lower body exercises .
when starting in the darkroom , make sure to get a clean piece of glass . learn how to prepare your glass when printing your own contact sheets in this free darkroom photography lesson from a professional photographer .
learn how to play different types of hands in fan tan poker in this free video series from our poker expert and professional card shark who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
if your opponent has no cards higher than eight and no pairs , then you get half the pot . learn how to play skinny minnie poker in this free gaming video .
do n't neglect the inside of a wood flute 's body ! learn about cutting flutes out of wood in this free wood carving video .
when working with photoshop cs3 , balance the light and darken areas by using the dialog box and color balance feature . balance with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photoshop .
learn how to get a distant perspective from each station on the skeet range from our expert in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
the snare drum is the anchor of a drum kit . learn how to play a clear head in this free video .
practicing ice hockey crossovers while standing forward is a good way to learn the proper skating technique . learn a few crossover tips from a professional ice hockey player in this free sports video .
sleeping bags are water resistant , so they do not get water . learn about sleeping bags to pack for backpacking or hiking in this free backpacking video on the outdoors .
flexes are easy to use , get expert tips and advice on using a fax machine in this free business tools video .
learn what types of fishing hooks to use in this free instructional fishing video with pro fishing tips for kids .
the supine twist pose in yoga is a delicious hip opener for anyone wanting to get into yoga . learn supine yoga poses like the reclining twist pose from a certified instructor in this free yoga video .
losing stomach weight is possible with both exercise and food . lose stomach weight with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
when waxing upper lips , it 's important to heat up the wax and to use baby oil to prevent irritation . discover how to apply wax to upper lips with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on personal grooming .
watch as an expert bachelor explains how to pick a supermodel in this free online video about attracting women .
decoupage is a great homemade craft project and attaching it to a homemade table is easy with expert tips in this free arts and crafts video .
using a santoku knife and how to use one when you 're cooking ; tips , tricks and more in this free online cooking video that will teach you about chef knives with tips from an expert .
sew a anchor stitch to the body of a sow when he is going to close the hole . learn about sewing anchor stitches with tips from an expert in this free instructional video .
play straight fourth snare drum on all four coordinates with double back beat on second with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
roasted vegetables are a great side for a chicken saltimbocca recipe . cut vegetables for the cooking portion of the dish with cooking tips from a chef in this free video on recipes .
buying a hermit crab involves getting a chance to see the entire colony , and looking for healthy , active pet crabs that are active and healthy . avoid aggressive hermit crabs with insight from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
eyebrows frame your face and bring out your eyes . learn how to apply fake eyebrows in this free makeup video about stage makeup techniques .
playing tangram puzzles can seem difficult at first but then becomes easier with practice . learn some strategies for playing the game of tangrams with tips from a professional juggler in this free video about games .
how and when to compress clay for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
registration your child 's safety seat is easy with these tips , get expert advice on child safety seats in this free video .
tools for making a ceramic tumbler include a potter 's knife and a sponge . learn what other tools you need with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
a good grip in the left hand can increase the grip and game . try the free golf tip for having a better grip and swing in this video golf lesson .
learn about the basics of guts poker in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
using a theraband , in pilates , and stretching your arms and shoulders is a great way to work out your intrinsic muscles . learn some tips for using theraband for your exercises from a professional pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
riding a snowmobile is difficult because you want to be in control of the machine at all times . learn more about riding your snowmobile from our snowmobiling expert in this free video .
the wide leg standing forward bend in yoga is a pose in which the legs are wide apart , allowing for a wide hip opening . learn to perform the wide leg forward bend from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
when breathing in and out of the nose in yoga , make a `` ha '' sound using the mouth to close and swallow . learn how to do yoga vinyasa yoga breathing in this free yoga video lesson .
learn side bend exercises for arthritis shoulder pain treatment in this free aquatic treatment video .
riding motocross is comprised of man-made obstacles , closed courses and beginner riding skills . learn how to ride a motococross bike on a closed course with tips from a professional riding instructor in this free sports video .
it 's important , in pilates , not to move your hips when performing single leg circles . learn how to perform single-leg circles from a professional pilates instructor in this free fitness video .
learn to play cha-cha music on the drums with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction and improvisation .
learn how to play chords on the guitar in this free video series that talks about the guitar and the different musical stylings it lends itself to .
adjust the fl studio movement setting . learn more about changing the properties of fl studio melodies in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
first theater audition ? get tips for picking a good monologue in this free video clip about how to audition with a monologue .
learn how to play the top three hands of a baseball poker variant in this free video series from our poker expert and professional card shark who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
learn about where to buy wire jewelry with expert wire jewelry making tips and advice in this free online crafting video clip .
how to skin roast pig for a caja china box by watching this free cooking recipe video from our professional exotic cuisine chef .
use a detail brush to get fine details on the rotor and windmill in a watercolor painting . learn more about fine details with expertise from an art teacher in this free painting video .
when playing saxophone , a b major phrygian mode is a scale that begins on the fourth note of the b major scale . play an e flat minor scale on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
in order to make a soothing facial , essential oils are required . learn how to add oil to facial masks in this free video .
use a high-pressure air gun when drying a car engine . blow dirt and grime off a car motor with tips from a car detailing expert in this free video on car maintenance .
learn how to wash , cut and prepare the carrots for a cheesy bean dip that a diabetic person would be able to eat and enjoy in this free video series .
open a paint can by lifting the paint can a little bit at a time and then rotating the can until the top comes off . avoid putting too much pressure on the lip when opening a painting can with advice from a licensed home repair specialist in this free video on home maintenance .
pulling ceramic handles can be done with a thin ribbon of clay . learn how to pull ceramic handles with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn how to reverse the reverse card of stripper deck for card trick from a professional magician in this free card trick video
getting someone in a wrist lock is a good way to defend yourself when someone grabs your wrist . learn the basic aikido wrist lock technique kotegaeshi from a front choke in this free aakido training video featuring 5th degree black belt and us martial arts hall of fame inductee fred
learn how to bandana style your hair with expert beauty tips in this free hair styling and accessories video clip .
a clove hitch knot is tied around a log , post or something that needs to be used as an anchor . learn how to tie clove knots for anchoring logs and posts in this free knot tying video from an eagle scout .
short form improv is a form of comedy that involves scenes , or stories , that are unrelated from each other . learn more about the short form improv from an improv comedy expert in this free video .
smelling wine is very different in wine tastings . get tips for understanding what aromas to look for when sniffing wine at a wine tasting in this free video from a wine sommelier .
learn how to massage the toes with expert tips on massages in this free online video clip .
decimal card layout is a big part of teaching math . get tips for using decimal cards in this free educational video about montessori math methods .
to care for a horse in a stable , make sure their stalls stay clean and dry , mucked out at least once daily and use rubber mats to provide support . keep a horse on ventilation when feeding with tips from an equestrian team coach in this free video on horseback riding .
how to deep fry the spring rolls including plating and presentation suggestions and learn this and more in this free online cooking video on asian food taught by an expert chef .
adding a bridge to a silk flower wall hanging is a creative touch . learn how to do it from a professional floral designer in this free video .
sanitizing both feet for a foot massage is important for removing nail polish as soon as possible . learn other foot sanitation tips with tips from a manicurist in this free beauty guide video .
installing a bike chain is as simple as going to the bike shop and buying a master link plier , running the new chain through the pulleys of the derailleur and cog and connecting it to the other bike . install a new chain on a bike by wrapping the old chain around the top cog with
the quality of your telescope will affect the quality and image you see . learn more about quality hunting scopes in this free video .
passing the ball on the other side in women 's lacrosse can be used as a good way to practice ball control . learn how to do an off side pass in this free video on intermediate tap dancing .
you want to give a lot of reinforcement stitching to begin because it 's where the pocket will get most of its pressure and then sew right along the edge of the pocket . learn how to make a handbag from recycled jeans in this free fashion video .
the yoga hamstring stretch is a great cool down exercise after doing more intense yoga poses . learn tips on how to do this pose correctly from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
when choosing the right hair style for your face , look at the shape of your face to determine if it is round , square , oval or long . choose a flattering hair style with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
learn how using sliders on a rowing machine can make you a more advanced rowing player in this free exercise video on using exercise equipment for health and fitness training .
learn about resources for home school geography with expert tips from an experienced teacher and home school authority in this free homeschooling video clip .
after pen turning a custom pen , match up the wood with the grain match on the pen blanks to ensure a tight fit . match the wood grains on a pen with a wood turning expert in this free video on pen turning .
when finishing the inside of a bowl with a scraper , keep the tool set up so that the beginning of the cut is down below . get expert woodturning tips on finishing a bowl inside in this free crafts video .
here are some useful tips on how to play a spindly puzzle in this free video clip .
turtle diets should include live fish , feeder fish and pelleted diets . learn more about turtle diets with tips from a pet store owner in this free pet care video .
take a single step forward and drop your center of gravity to improve your jump height . learn the double tuck jump in this free video on kung fu jump exercises .
saturate all hair so that it can be in great condition . learn about applying conditioner to hair with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free hair video .
toast rice for chicken and chorizo sausage ragu by sprinkling it over oil until it has just evaporated . learn about preparing rice with tips from an expert chef in this free culinary video .
learn how to play scales on the harmonica with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
learn the supplies needed to give a professional spa manicure in this free online instructional video series , including supplies needed and tips for removing nail polish , trimming and filing nails , and more .
getting lower abs requires cardiovascular exercises , strength training and a good diet . tone lower abs using these exercises with tips from a professional fitness instructor in this free video .
randori in jiujutsu is a unique form of training that uses free-form fighting without pre-planned attacks . learn more about rondori from a professional martial arts instructor in this free combat video .
improve your bo staff techniques by learning how to do the helicopter spin move in this free martial arts video .
the impact bag is a great tool for golfers to develop the good habit of hitting down and keeping hands ahead of the club . bag a golf impact bag with tips from a master golf instructor in this free video on golf .
learn techniques for beating egg whites to make striped christmas cookie rounds in this free baking video .
how to do part five of these high hat drum exercises ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
watch and learn how to shoot doubles from station two on the skeet field from our expert in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
it 's important to research and choose an acupuncturist who specializes in traditional chinese medicine , or herb and medicine . learn more about finding an acupunctureists from our medical expert in this free video .
make your wallet closure more functional by adding a snap fastener . learn more about how to sew a snap closure on a wallet from a professional seamstress in this free crafts video .
use the `` kitty wants a corner '' improv game to get people thinking about taking risks , getting people moving around and making eye contact . learn the improv comedy game kitty wanted a corner in this free theater acting video from a teacher of improvisation .
who needs hallmark ? here are some tips on how to make hearts for your own valentine 's day cards with this free video clip .
in kickboxing , rob the punch of its power by moving the head in the direction it 's going . take a punch with tips from a martial arts teacher in this free kickboxing video .
the asl language is primarily used in america . learn the basics of american sign language in this free education video .
a laser welder can cut and size a gold ring down to the desired length . learn how to size gold rings with a laser from a professional jeweler in this free jewelry video .
when working with a pastel painting , unity helps to build a complex form . learn how to add unity in a painting with tips from a professional artist in this free instructional art video .
what kind of jump rope is right for a boxing gym ? learn what equipment you need for training at home in this free training video on exercises for boxers .
treat baggy eyes by using cleansed and toned skin and massaging the area to break up dark circles and bags . learn to treat bagginess around the eyes with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video about the basics of skin care .
motocross uses a very unique motorcycle design to take on the roughest terrain possible . learn about the history of motocross racing in this free video .
when booking a train ticket from new york to albany , log onto the amtrak web site for departure times and rates along with a map of the trip and interactive features . travel along the rails and enjoy a fun and educational trip to albia with tips from a full-service travel agent in this
be aware of your shoulder and back posture during a walk . learn about defensive posture with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video .
motocross gear is important to ride safely in order to avoid injury . learn more about motocross safety gear in this free video .
all flat irons are created equal , but the good ones are made equal . choose the right flat iron for hair with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
chanting mantra is a great yoga exercise , easy with these tips , get expert advice on meditation from a yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
accordions can be played in many different positions . learn tips on how to transition from c to d in this free video series that will have you playing the accordion in no time .
in yoga , perform the child 's pose to reflect and regenerate the body . practice this powerful exercise with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga poses .
collard-picard champagne is made of 80 percent meunier champagne that protects from the very prevalent spring frost in the region . learn more about collard-pacard champagne with tips from a wine expert in this free champagne video .
how to play i major chords for jazz piano in the key of c major , including tips and tricks ; learn this and more in this free online jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
stroke warm ups are a great way to practice your skills in pool . learn some drills for the dps in this free swimming lesson video .
learn from our expert some tips on how to correctly use your legs when doing an undulation rope workout in this free health video on doing rope undulation workouts .
for shrimp with indian-spiced potatoes , when the potatoes start to blacken up , move them around a bit for a good blender . blend the potato stock for shrimp in spiced potatoes with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
learn about super street car class in nhra racing with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free nhra race video clip .
to make a close pin dragonfly , use some wired ribbon and an assortment of glass beads . make a beaded dragonfly craft with expert tips from an art teacher in this free kids crafts video .
the rounded rectangle tool in adobe photoshop is used to draw a rectangle shape of any size . learn about this adobe image manipulation tool and how to use it from a 10 year veteran designer in this free design video .
the screen saver feature of pro tools allows users to set up separate screen sets . set up screen sets in pro tools with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
detaching a storm door requires cutting some nails to pull the door frame out . learn how to attach a new storm door using the storm door installation tips in this free video .
hitting a forehand volley in tennis is often done when a player is sitting close to the net . find out how to hit a tennis forehand shot with tips from a certified tennis pro in this free video on tennis .
having multiple triangles is one of the most difficult games to play . learn how to play the chinese shapes game , parallelogram in this free video clip .
use photoshop fill adjustment layer to really stand out in your photoshop image . learn more about creating a color adjustment layer in photoshop in this free photoshop tutorial from a professional graphic designer .
the distributor cap is one of the items you need to remove when adjusting a car 's headlights . learn more about removing the distributor cap from a professional mechanic in this free car maintenance video .
learn tips for starting a child 's hair color with expert hair color tips in this free hair styling video clip .
play , or walk measures five and six in a d major scale for advanced bass guitar ; learn how from our professional bass guitar player and composer in this free music instruction video
the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn a 1st degree a minor scale arpeggios on it in this free video clip series .
learn how to use the myr enforcer artifact creature card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
improve your bo staff technique and learn how to do a kneeling bo staff exercise in a martial arts form in this free weapons training video on using the bo staff in the us martial arts .
learn how to mix the wet ingredients for homemade cinnamon rolls in this free recipe video clip .
when cleaning toilets and bathroom hinges , use a tooth brush to kill all bacteria from the inside out . kill bacteria in the bathroom with tips from a nanny in this free video on toilet cleaning .
when using a paint roller , make sure that the roller is high quality , dampen the roller and use parallel strokes to create a smooth finish . learn how to roll a roller in this free video from a home repair specialist on maintaining and fixing houses .
learn from a successful gallery owner about making a website when starting and running your own art gallery in this free video lesson on the art business .
dog trainers often observe a dog 's boundaries before training them . learn to train a dog to sit on a box with tips from a professional dog trainer in this free video on dog training .
when talking to a girl in the phone , the best option is to avoid talking in front of a girl , and keep conversations short and professional . talk to that girl in person using honesty with dating advice from a female dating coach in this free video on dating tips for guys .
deal out seven columns that are successively longer . learn how to play tripeaks solitaire in this free gaming video .
pro tool is in almost every big studio in the world . learn how to remove midi data in this free video series .
how to back comb for curling short hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
adjust the output and output device in peak pro . learn how to set up audio inputs and outputs with bias peak pro sound editing software in this free computer software tutorial from a musician with a home studio .
learn how to draw simple objects and shapes , with tips on breaking the rules of perspective effectively , in this free video drawing lesson .
to make dreads , section the hair into squares , use a dread comb for long-hair dogs , apply back-combing techniques and twist the hair around to get a more matted look . trim dread from the scalp , using palm-rolling techniques to keep the hair long , with styling advice from a
style tips for traveling by wearing shoes and clothing that are comfortable and do n't stress out at the airport include wearing sandals , a bandana or scarf and basic accessories . learn to dress accordingly when traveling to create a fashionable look with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
learn how to frost a chocolate frosting yule log recipe on a baking sheet in this free cooking video on making a dessert recipe for christmas or other holidays .
one foot glide is a basic ice skating technique for beginning ice skaters . learn how to do a one foot glide in this free ice skating video lesson for ice skating beginners .
a bear claw stretch in equine massage is great for horses that may be fitter or more unsteady . learn more about the bear claw horse stretch with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
learn how to clean and polish the heel of a pair of women 's shoes by shampooing the shoes with expert shoe doctor in this free footwear care and repair video clip .
use letters a , b and c to design your quilt on graph paper . learn how to plan out your design for a rag denim quilt in this free quilting lesson from an expert quilter and sewing class instructor .
learn how to attach the first knob or handle to your multi-piece clay pottery form in this free art lesson video .
the flip flap is a sweet soccer move you can learn to get by the defender , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills and tricks in this free video .
learn how to prepare the walls to paint your living room and other remodeling tips in this free instructional diy home improvement video .
learn tips on how to give your haircut a more texturize look with expert tips on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video clip .
get a walkthrough of the guard in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
need some tips on law enforcement careers and dealing with dangerous people ? learn how to become a police officer in this free law enforcement career video .
beading and beginning to make rock and gemstone jewelry ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by an expert .
learn how to make a reverse layup with expert basketball tips in this free online sports instruction video clip .
spot lighting with punches can add depth and depth to your scrapbooking pages . learn how to utilize spot lighting in a scrapbook in this free video series .
how to finish making bottoms for a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
a short-term boxing warm-up will get the rhythm going . learn about practicing boxing techniques , punches , and jabs on a heavy bag in this free training video on a beginner 's first boxing lessons .
fix your car yourself ! learn how to properly jack your vehicle to change rear differential fluid in this free car repair video from an expert auto mechanic .
throwing off the hump is a traditional way to make ceramic sake sets . learn how to prepare clay to throw a sake set from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
find out how to remove old automotive carpet with expert tips from a certified master mechanic in this free video about automotive maintenance .
understanding formulas in microsoft excel is easy with these tips , get expert advice on spreadsheet software in this free video .
the first thing to consider when buying a dog is personal lifestyle . learn about buying dogs with tips from a professional dog trainer in this free pet care video .
there are several methods for home hiv testing including the fda approved test . learn about the various methods you can take an hiv test at home in this free health video on the human immunodeficiency virus from a certified medical assistant .
oiling bicycle spokes keeps them lubricated and easy to adjust . learn how to oil bicycle spokes in this free video on bicycle maintenance .
learn how to simplify your drive train on your mountain bike in this free bike care and maintenance video series .
when searching for the perfect jeans for your body type , do some research on the internet and try different brands . find jeans with tips from an image consultant in this free video on jeans .
using a shower mat can prevent the bacteria from spreading , especially on shower heads and shower mats . learn to clean shower mats with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
learn how to iron a wedding dress with expert step-by-step instruction in this free clothes ironing video clip .
the double hand push hands tai chi exercise is one that focuses on not collapsing the body but on pushing and moving through the exercise . learn tips on how to practice this tameday exercise from an expert in this free video clip .
tips for making indian cutlets . learn the recipe for making an indian snack in this free cooking video .
the phrygian mode is a scale that begins on the third note of any major scale and has a flat nine note played on the scale . play major chords on the saxophone with tips from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
learn how to manage fitness programs at your health club with expert health club management advice in this free online effective fitness video clip .
tools and supplies such as a socket set and channel locks are required for working with your radiator . learn what tools and supplies you will need to remove and reinstall your radiator in these free auto repair video instructions .
the ca area 151 is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
learn how to diagnose a toilet flapper repair job in this free do it yourself bathroom plumbing repair video .
learn how to add vegetable broth to thai barbecue chicken in this free cooking video on making easy vegetarian recipes and meals .
use a medium-sized brush and go in a circle around the outside of the skull . learn how to paint a skull outline in this free face painting video about face painting ideas .
learn the lyrics and the hand gestures for `` rickity tickity '' in this free children 's rhyme video from an expert on playtime for kids .
learn a side stretch exercise with small weights for your pilates routine in this free exercise video .
editing midi velocity in pro tools is simply the aggressiveness of that particular sound at that moment and it can be adjusted . change it easily and quickly with a few tips from an experienced music engineer and producer in this free video .
a kimora submission move can be used in jiu-jitsu and judo and is used to tap out an opponent while they are tucking them out . use kimoras in combat sports with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on submission moves and grappling techniques .
when you are a beginner you can make more advanced airbrushes like the skull . learn how to make and use airbrush stencils in this free hobby video .
find out about different screen printing colors for screen printing in this free video clip on fashion tips .
often in omaha poker , the best play is to get all the chips in on the flop . learn when to keep putting all chips in when playing omaha hold'em with helpful information from an experienced card player in this free video on poker tournament strategies .
learn how to trace your design for your henna design door hanger for the home in this free crafts video on making henna art designs for wood and paper .
 rocks are a great tree to add to your landscape . learn how to paint rocks from a professional artist in this free watercolor painting video .
how to rinse and dry your hands after washing in this free personal health video series .
watch and learn from our rodeo expert how to do the counter arc move in this free instructional video on horse riding and rodeo barrel racing .
in djembe repair , make sure the knots at the base are about an equal distance from each other . keep a drum knot tight with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on djegbe drums repairs .
for shrimp with spiced masala , add two cups of water and a little salt . add stock to a shrimp recipe with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
when playing the swing groove 13 drum beat , play the snare on the and of one and the off-beat of four . learn more about the swing swing groove 15 drum beat with expert tips in this free drumming video .
in aikido the mune tsuki waza move is a head punch . learn how to defect this and use iriminage from a two handed push or ryotedori in this free martial arts training video featuring a 4th degree black belt .
make that special someone feel appreciated with a scrapbook . get tips for making valentine 's day special in this free video clip about easy scrapbooking ideas .
the basic version of solitaire is playing one card at a time . learn how to play tripeaks solitaire in this free gaming video .
when throwing a ceramic sake set off of a larger mound of clay , compress the clay to create walls . learn to compress clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn the proper way to attach wire to earring pins with expert wire jewelry making tips and advice in this free online crafting video clip .
look up ipod lyrics by typing in lyrics on itunes , clicking on the lyrics tab and then hitting the scrubber mode to re-link the song . find new songs to play on an ipod using tips from a computer consultant in this free video series on computer software .
learn from an expert how to use a feint touch attack in sabre fencing in this free how to video lesson on sabre fending attacks .
when drawing a comic figure of super heroes , gather the necessary supplies such as a thick felt pens and a smudge stick . find out the supplies to make a drawing of superhero figures with the tips in this free video on comic illustration from an experienced graphic illustrator .
posting a blog on myspace can be fun and easy , learn all about myspace accounts , profiles , videos , and photos in this free video .
in kung fu , use both hands to block , slide a round kick past you and drive it in with the right hand . learn more about the double palm block and counter attack from a k fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
keep the body nice and tight and avoid pushing the curve in the spine . learn how to do push ups with glute extensions in this free fitness video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
dry food can go in containers if you have no pantry space . learn how to organize dry food in containers for your kitchen with expert tips in this free home organization video .
your core is vital in any workout . learn some great tips on how to stay centered during your upper body workouts in this free video .
tune a ukulele by logging on to a web site to search for a tuner and pitch pipe . learn how to tune a uukulele with tips from a uulele player in this free music lesson video .
to put on muscle mass fast , a good diet , strength training exercises with fruits , vegetables and whole grains are great sources of energy and mass mass . gain muscle mass quickly with tips from a fitness director in this free video on muscle building and free weights .
when delivering a speech for the podium , keep a casual posture and avoid hand gestures . deliver a conversational speech with tips from a communications specialist in this free public speaking video .
an office blazer can be in a variety of colors and shades . learn how to pick a work out camisole for work with tips from a fashion stylist in this free women 's clothing video .
learn how to tune your bagpipe in this free video series that will show you everything you need to know about playing the bagpipe .
your sandcastle should be located near the water , not far away from the ocean . learn some tips for choosing a sandcastle location in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
when returning home after breast reduction surgery , you will experience some chest pain , heavy feeling and possible bleeding . learn about breast reduction expectations from an accomplished plastic surgeon in this free cosmetic surgery video .
when scuba diving , a diver uses a compass to navigate underwater when ice fishing . navigate underwater using a compass with tips from a scuba instructor in this free video on advanced ice surfing .
learn how to choose specific torque types for your home tool box in this free educational video series .
many plants flourish in sterile soil , but damping off fungus can prevent transplants from occurring in the first place . grow plants on sterile soil with a professional permaculture gardener in this free video on mass propagation of food crop seedlings .
in basketball , positioning and shuffling the feet is essential to defend against a layup . defend against layups with tips from an experienced basketball player in this free video on basketball defense .
when getting a restraining order , either contact the police or the court to gather necessary paperwork and to give the family and personal safety information . get a restraining restraining order with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
get more tips in this summary of chinese calligraphy in this free video clip on languages and writing .
get tips for cooking yam chips in this free video clip about healthy homemade chips .
learn how to cut the edges of an origami orchid with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
how to play riff 20 for playing blues guitar in a ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
learn how to properly put on a bike helmet in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable mountain biker .
make sure that both sides line up nicely and look the same when pinning the fabric . learn how to pin the fabric for a drawstring skirt in this free sewing video about how to make a jewelry bag .
set the aperture for automatic take-outs ; learn how to use camera lenses for manual and digital cameras in this free video on photography and camera ownership .
learn from our expert how to do a hook kick to prepare for a tae kwon do kick , in this free martial arts video on practicing and doing advanced kicks .
exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . here is a free video on tricep press exercises to help you in your operation fit !
learn how to select the designer series paper for an embossed valentine 's day card and more in this free arts and crafts video series .
pro tools tdm users can mark a verse on a audio file to move it to another spot in the session . move audio files easily and quickly with a tdm using the tdm options of digidesign pro tools with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
learn how to soft mod a xbox with expert tips and advice on xbox video games in this free computer gaming video clip .
eyebrows define your face . get tips for shaping your eyebrows in this free makeup video clip from a professional makeup artist .
signs of abusive relationships are hard to follow , but it 's possible to recognize them first . avoid an abusive relationship with tips from a relationship author and talk show host in this free video on relationships .
installing windows on linux is done by using a windows emulator called wine from the command prompt , pulling up a command prompt and connecting to the internet repositories . install windows onlinux with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
the child pose in yoga is a gentle yoga exercise that works the lower back by taking the knees out to the sides of the mat . learn how to do the child yoga pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
twenty grit sandpaper is a popular riding medium for surfers and surfers . learn how to use multiple grit sanders with tips from a surfboard repair expert in this free video on surfboards .
learn how to place the napkins for a christmas dinner party in this free holiday etiquette video from a catering expert .
the signs for movies in sign language are similar to words for room or box office . learn more about how to sign movie words in american sign language with tips from a deaf signing expert in this free sign language video .
how to play chorus 1 , lick 15 for `` natural d blues '' by wes montgomery on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing blues guitar in this free music lesson video .
the lateral step exercise for building strength and control in your feet and ankles is a great way to improve your foot control and build strength in the legs and ankles . learn more in this free functional movement and injury prevention workout video .
how to finish up your african-themed pillow project ; all this and more in this free online educational series of arts and crafts videos taught by design expert denise robinson .
strikes can get you away from bear hugs . learn how to strike against a bear hug in this free video about self defense techniques for women .
foam pots require specific pottery tools . learn what tools you need to make a ceramic charger in this free ceramics video .
paint your stained glass with puff paint to create a unique , stained-glass look . learn more about working with stained glass in this free video series .
learn how to select your pockets for a mummy halloween costume in this free costume video .
there are many causes of food poisoning . learn about food poisoning symptoms and treatments in this poison prevention video from a medical professional .
use a larger brush and paint the tiniest bit of yellow when watercolor painting an orchid . find out more about using yellow from a professional artist in this free painting video .
file a mechanics lien by contacting each state for specific requirements and by checking the local county court offices for help . get legal advice for mechanics liens with help from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
pro tools peripherals are listed in the preferences menu . learn how to adjust output settings in pro tools in this free music recording software video from a professional musician .
to select face makeup for african-american skin tone , start by applying foundation around the jawline , nose and cheeks . choose the right foundation with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on beauty and personal care .
lifting up the body during the big pigeon yoga pose requires a lot of juice in the hips . lift up safely with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on core flow vinyasa yoga .
sinkers are good for adding weight to ice fishing line . learn more about ice fishing sinkers in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
get engaged and lengthen your spine with side exercises , including the mouse house exercise . learn how to do side exercises with a mat from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
a technical escape in judo has five seconds to have your opponent escape or the referee 's going to lift you back into the ground . learn about technical escapes from a martial arts expert in this free video .
the cuddle turn bachata dance steps are basic turns done with both arms on the hips . learn how to do the cuddle turns with tips from a professional dance instructor in this free dance lesson video .
when repairing a surfboard , it 's important to utilize fiberglass . learn how to properly apply fiberglass to surfboards in this free surfing advice video from a professional surfboard shaper .
most turtles will eat live insects , such as earthworms and crickets . learn to feed your turtle with tips from the owner of a reptile store in this free pet care video .
in zen yoga , keep the hands and elbows on the floor while moving forward and forth to maintain a deep stretch . learn more about the aikido deep stretch from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn how to read an owner 's manual to properly clean a microwave in this free how-to video on cleaning a microwave .
cut acrylic plastic by using a fine-tipped hand saw , a scroll saw or a very fine-diamond saw with a fine blade for the best results . create a plastic manicure or table saw with instructions from an experienced builder in this free video on carpentry .
mixing engine oil and gas in a car engine is easy by blending the two-stroke engine oil into the gas tank . discover how much oil and gasoline to mix with tips from a specialist in car restoration in this free video on car maintenance .
test the broadband speed of your computer by using a safari browser and the site www.cpitstop.com to check for download times and upload speed . learn how to run a ping test on a pc with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computer networking .
the flute can be used by aboriginal players to create sounds like yelps , growls or harmonies . play the flute with a singing voice in this free music lesson video from a professional flutist .
cartooning made easy ! learn how to draw cartoon mouths on cartoon villains and monsters in this free video on cartooning and drawing bad guys .
writing a punchline for comedians is as simple as listening to other comedians , such as jerry seinfeld , bill cosby , frank caliendo or lisa lampanelli . write a great punchline by watching other comedians and learning from them with advice an experienced entertainment writer in this free video on comedy
for juggling four balls , sitewaps are helpful when one is high and one is low . use siteswaps for four-ball juggling with tips from a juggling enthusiast in this free video on hobbies .
in math , indirect proportion refers to an increase in one quantity results in a decrease in another quantity . solve indirect proportion problems with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
parry like a renaissance fencer ; learn how to lateral parry in this free video on defense in foil fencing .
the stack in `` magic the gathering '' encompasses both players ' action , with priority being the term given to one player using cards or making actions on the stack . learn `` magic-the- gathering '' priority rules from a certified judge in this free magic cards video .
learn about the basic rules and strategies of 'the reach for the top ' paintball game anywhere in the world in this free video clip .
looking for eye makeup tips ? learn how to apply blush for full coverage in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
learn how to fold socks and tights to maximize space in your suitcase in this free traveling video on folding clothes in a suitcase .
painting and finishing is an important step in creating a figurine sculpture . learn tips , tricks and more for creating beautiful sculpture in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
first theater audition ? get tips for picking the right monologue in this free video clip about how to audition with a monologue .
get more tips in this summary of chinese calligraphy in this free video clip on languages and writing .
a laying close grip press will help you work out your triceps . learn how to work out the triceps in this free training video on upper arm exercises .
leave enough of an extra lace in so that it does n't fray on the edges . learn how to make a wallet from a professional seamstress in this free crafts video .
it 's important to be symmetrical when making a clay mug handle for your clay pottery . learn some techniques for symmetry from a pottery expert in this free video clip .
becoming a master gardener typically takes only a few months to complete . find out more about gardening programs sponsored by a washington state extension service with tips from a gardener in this free video on gardening .
a bearded dragon will eat insects , crickets or meal worms . learn how to take care of a bearded dragon and reptiles in this free video tutorial on exotic pets .
a full back roll in yoga will help reduce pain and relieve back pain . learn how to do the back roll yoga pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
how to trim a belly cast ; learn how to cast a belly in this free video .
when installing a quill stem on your bike , apply a little grease to the inside of the steer tube to prevent it from ceasing up and rusting . install a quad stem with tips from a bike mechanic in this free video on bicycles .
waxing a snowboard can affect the wax buildup and can rot out the core . learn how to wax snowboards in this free snowboarding video from a snowboarding tech .
learn how to gather laundry softeners , with tips to sort , wash , and dry clothes , in this free housekeeping video .
play a sixteenth note triplet partial on the snare drum ; learn how with tips from our expert drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
how to play chorus 2 , lick 17 fingered for `` natural d blues '' by wes montgomery on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing blues guitar in this free music lesson video .
get an introduction to headaches , their symptoms , treatments , and tips on what they are related to with expert medical tips in this free online headache relief video clip .
use tweezers to gently wiggle tick under the skin . remove a tick from the skin with tips from a firefighter in this free first-aid video .
the mountain pose in yoga is one of the most basic standing yoga poses . learn how to do the mountain yoga pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
learn about the structure of the bridge of a country song with expert tips and advice on country songwriting techniques and music lesson in this free video clip on guitars .
learn how to properly hold a finishing sander in this free educational video series .
to configure microsoft mail on windows vista , click on the 'tools ' button , right-click the accounts button , select an email account and enter in the e-mail address and account information . configure windows mail with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
learn how to reinstall the wheel to change car front brake pads with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
gothic bracelets , as well as other jewelry ideas , can come in a variety of shapes and sizes . learn which ones are right for you in this free video series .
learn how to make a lemon zest pizzelle recipe in this free easy dessert recipe on video .
the angle of the panels on the trailer roof will determine how many panels will be attached . learn how to attach panels to a trailer roof from a professional in this free auto repair video .
a snake sheds its skin in the same way that people take their socks off , start at the top and roll it down and remove the skin off of the foot . find out how a snake 's skin begins to light and darken in this free video on snakes from a reptile specialist .
to expunge a shoplifting conviction or conviction , consult a criminal lawyer who specializes in criminal law and check with the criminal records department for advice . get a conviction and recovery from shoplifting with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal self-help .
build your own bat house with these directions and plans . learn how to build a bat house in this free bat conservation video .
the mixer has two channel faders , two turntables and eq knobs . learn about the parts of a mixer from a professional musician in this free hip hop video .
critiquing a piece of art is as important as criticizing it . become a professional artist with tips from an artist in this free video on painting .
the job description for a legal assistant varies from state to state , but generally does not require a standardized education or experience . find out more about job descriptions for legal assistants with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
 undefined expectations define what goals are in a relationship . learn about developing romantic ideas about undefined expectations from a communications expert in this free relationship video .
learn some tips on how to access a walkout basement in this free home improvement video .
stuffed vegetable recipes are both easy and delicious . learn how to cook stuffed tomatoes from our expert in this free cooking video .
to practice standing yoga poses , place a block between the thighs and roll the block back behind . practice yoga poses like standing poses mindfully with an instructor in this free yoga video lesson .
how do i get a secure wireless internet connection ? learn about equipment requirements for wireless internet connections in this free video .
playing singles , doubles and paradiddles drum rolls is a great exercise for improving your drum skills . play flawless paradiddle drum beat grooves with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video .
swim goggles are rated for both indoor and outdoor use , as the dark goggle will reflect the sun better than the clear one , and the silicone gasket will wear better . learn about swim goggles ' ratings with information from the owner of a swimwear shop in this free video on swimming goggles .
high knees are used in running backs and other sports . learn how to do high knees exercises for running backs in this free football video lesson on how to be a star running back .
the best cool , educational baby toys ! learn all about baby toys that help your baby develop motor skills in this free video clip on baby safety and baby learning toys .
learn the importance of practicing your craft with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video on advanced cheerleading stunts .
how to add beans to cuban black bean soup ; learn more about traditional cuban and latin american food in this free cooking video .
get a walkthrough of elite guard in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
installing the intake ductwork and id plate is done by first slip them onto the throttle body . learn how to install your intake duct work and id plates in these free auto repair video instructions featuring a certified mechanic .
growing black-eyed-susan plants requires full sun exposure , good drainage and the ability to grow them in raised beds or containers . get several blooms per year with tips from a gardening specialist in this free video on plant and flower care .
using your palm as weapons is easy with these tips , get expert advice on martial arts and body conditioning in this free video .
how to place solution on the fingertip in contact lenses in this free eye care video .
pine cones are especially useful for surviving on rough surfaces . learn how to find and use pine cones for wilderness survival in this free outdoors video .
when firing your clay bowl from the potter 's wheel , ask for a place to fire it . learn about the appropriate costs for firing clay bowls from a professional artist in this free ceramics video .
the california rattle snake is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
looking for fun improv comedy games ? learn how to play `` house '' improv comedy game in this free video on comedy acting .
raw food in a raw food program will live for at least 24 to 48 hours and includes fresh greens and clover sprouts . learn about raw food sources with tips from an organic gardener in this free raw food video .
learn how to make the best tasting americano at home from our expert in this free drink recipe video on making gourmet tee and coffee drinks .
learn how to tell when your gourmet coffee cake recipe is done , with expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
everything you need to know about improv games . learn how to play improv games in this free video on theatre acting .
this yoga pose is also known as the uttanasana twist . learn more about the health benefits of yoga twists in this free fitness lesson from an anusara yoga instructor .
one internet browser , internet explorer , should be default because it has more than one browser installed . adjust the default browser settings of internet explorer easily with tips from an internet guru in this free video on how to use internet browser features .
in basketball , corner passing drills can help a player improve hand-eye coordination , dribbling skills and catching the ball . practice corner passing in basketball with tips from a basketball coach in this free video on football offense .
learn a few innocent magic tricks to try at the dinner table in this free magic lesson video .
feeding mice to a sand boa constrictor is important because the lizard will eat rodents . learn how to feed sand boas with expert tips on owning snakes in this free exotic pet care video .
learn how to apply cream for pageants with expert tips from a beauty queen in this free online beauty pageants video clip .
aikido is a martial art that uses the opponent 's momentum to defend against an attack and throw them to the ground . watch this free video clip as an aikido expert shows how to minimize a strike and defend against a yoko manucci wrist grab .
looking for chicken recipes ? learn how to make chicken kiev in this free culinary video .
hanging the sail is easy with these tips . get expert advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
to draw a breast , first sketch out the basic shape in a light-colored crayon , place the nipple in the shoulder and place the chest first , and then outline the breasts in a rounded shape . sketch out a breast on a human face , including shading and highlights , with a demonstration from an experienced
learn how to make a simple and classic pop-up cake card from scratch in this free video .
learn the forward fold pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
learn how to fold pillowcases from an ironing expert in this free laundry care video .
calling shots in billiards is easy with these tips , get expert advice on pool and 8 ball in this free video .
finding an agent to promote a screenplay is a process of getting actors to submit their script to smaller production companies and agencies . get a movie company to buy a film script , but keep in mind that getting agents might be a good idea , with advice from an independent filmmaker in this free video on the film industry .
learn how to add poster placement in your cozy corner by watching these free home decor videos from our budget interior design expert .
the anatomy of the skull in your drawing including the eyes , nose , mouth and jaw . carve a human head with a professional artist in this free sculpting video .
learn how to use salsa chiles for your pozole preparation and more in this free online cooking video about ethnic food taught by an expert in traditional mexican cuisine .
when picking for auto insurance , it 's important to sit down with a local agent and spread sheet the different insurance policies and premiums across different carriers . find out how agencies rate premiums in this free video from a licensed insurance agent about automobile insurance information .
the price of super models can vary greatly , depending on the type of model and the advertising that is being done . find out how much super models get paid with information from the director of a modeling academy in this free video on modeling .
learn how to install butt connectors with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
reason 4 has many preferences such as cpu usage limit that can be hard to understand and understand . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
select clothing colors for blonde hair and light eyes by picking outfits with a variety of colors such as light greens , browns and navy to bring out the eyes and hair color . avoid strong colors and pick out a colorful outfit to help bring out various colored hair and eyes with tips from an image consultant in this free
how to do a medicine ball passing drill for boxing . learn about medicine ball exercises for boxers in this free boxing workout video .
smooth and thin the edges of a clay vase to aid in moving the piece . learn how to smooth and smooth a vase edges with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
the overhead shoulder press exercise works all three heads of the shoulder muscles , from the front to the middle and back . do an overhead press , and do a kickstand exercise , for an anterior pull-in , with tips from an experienced fitness and exercise guru in this free video on exercising .
a flying jump in modern dance begins with a lunge from left foot to right . learn to do a flying jump with tips from a professional dancer in this free modern dance video .
learn how to do the side crane yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness lesson video .
get an explanation on how to play the third variation of an eighth note drum beat ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
being open and honest is essential in romantic relationships . learn how to communicate in a romantic relationship from a professional speaker and instructor in this free relationships video .
when performing a grind on a ramp , lift up on the front truck , balancing the wheel and putting all weight on the back axle of the bar . practice the grind with tips from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
when attempting to date a gemini woman , understand that she is tall slender , articulate , quick witted and bored and want to engage in an avant-garde environment . attract a woman who has the gemini astrological sign with tips from a professional astrologer in this free video on z
arm rotations help loosen up muscles and joints . learn arm rotations for warming up with tips from a former college athlete in this free video on warming up .
buying hookah accessories comes in a variety of colors and shapes . buy hookah decorations with tips from a hookah bar owner in this free video on hookah smoking .
fertilizing your house plants is easy with these tips , get expert advice on caring for indoor plants and flowers in this free video .
learn how to wear a corset to create a goth women 's look with expert makeup tips in this free goth fashion video clip .
learn when to replace the water filter in this free home appliance video .
robert schuman was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
learn how to prep your lace and lacing in this free video series about leather working and its various techniques .
the b flat minor scale on saxophone can be sounded four different ways . form the b flat major scale from the notes of saxophone scales with the playing tips in this free video music lesson from a professional saxophone instructor .
the function of the spark plugs in an engine is to make the cylinder fire . learn more about how spark plugs work with tips from a mechanic in this free car maintenance video .
planning art time with kids is easy ; learn how to make a fruit tree with ease in this free online instructional arts and crafts video .
in order to make a wooden baseball bat , a baseball bat needs to be carved into a wood shape . find out more about wooden bat mats with tips from a professional baseball instructor in this free video on baseball .
get germs spread by teaching them how to spread with this fun exercise for four and five year olds with expert childcare tips in this free online healthy kids diet video clip .
learn how to use the geth 's grimoire artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
watch as an expert bachelor discusses the five rules of attracting women in this free online video about attracting women .
be the life of the party . learn how to make balloon heart in this free childrens party entertainment video from an expert on twisting and folding balloon animals .
a double vanilla latte is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on the instrument store .
looking for a healthy appetizer recipe ? learn how to slice apples and carrots in this free cooking video on dinner party appetizer recipes .
the percussive strum is a great way to strum a guitar that is easy to play with just a few tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
learn how to do the basic lead step for dancing the waltz in this free instructional dance video .
guided fantasy uses claustrophobia to depict a safe space for a person to live . find ways to meditate with a guided fantasy from a social worker in this free overcoming phobia video .
to attach a bridle on a horse , first put the rein on the horse 's head before tucking it off . find out how to attach bridles with tips from a horse trainer in this free video on horseback riding .
how to improve your bass playing on the piano by using three chords ; learn this and more in this free online piano lesson series taught by expert pianist and professional musician tony newton .
exploring strobe lights ; learn about and how to use professional photography equipment in this free video on being a pro photographer .
the gait in hippotherapy varies depending on the patient 's needs . learn about hippotherapy with expert tips from an occupational therapist in this free medical treatment video .
in indiana , sell a junk car by removing personal items and license plates from the vehicle , finding a business that will buy the vehicle and bringing in the title to have help fill out the car transfer . have inoperable junk cars towed to scrap yards or recycling centers with tips from the manager of a jun
the mountain pose , in yoga , is a foundational pose that will help create strength and stability for other standing postures . learn more about the mountain pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn about the toxins found in absinthe in this free home brew video from our professional bartender and brewer of his own beers .
learn how to add sesame to the traditional korean dish kalbi with expert cooking tips in this free korean sushi video clip .
learn how to make some shrimp stock for stuffed mushrooms from our expert chef in this free recipe video on making a shrimp and ham stuffed mushrooms recipe .
in the corpse pose for seniors , use props like a bolster or blanket to cushion the head . learn how to do the cobra pose for senior citizens with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free senior citizen yoga lesson video .
an intaglio burin can be used to make fine lines on the metal for better engraving . learn to engrave a burin with tips from a printmaker in this free printmaking video series .
it is important to play the entire pattern when playing the mandolin . learn tips on how to do this technique correctly from a musician in this free video clip .
massage therapy techniques for bicep tendinitis include placing a towel underneath the client 's arm and using circular motions to increase circulation . discover massage techniques to treat tendininitis with help from a massage therapist in this free video on massage therapy .
shadow boxing with speed and accuracy trains a boxer to improve hand-eye coordination . shadow box a boxer with tips from a boxing coach in this free video on shadow boxing .
