learn how to mix colors in your perennial garden in this free video clip on perennial gardening .
learn how to pick stained-glass colors for stepping stones in this free video series that will have you creating these unique stones in no time .
the melody to section b of `` beaumont rag '' is fun and simple to play on the mandolin . learn tips on how to play the first melody section of this song from a musician in this free video clip .
after facial scrubs , it 's important to remove the granular scrub . learn how to remove granular scrubs before an facial with tips from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
when multiple cards with the same ranking come out relatively close to each other , the hand is lost . learn how to play aces up solitaire in this free gaming video .
learn how hair color works in this free hair care video clip on beauty and fashion .
learn how to toast eggplant to make a heart healthy eggplant sandwich with expert cooking tips in this free online video recipe .
want to learn domino polka dance steps ? get tips on the kneeling dance steps in this free dance lesson video .
the benefits of an electric toothbrush include a vibrating effect , which breaks up stains and whiter teeth . visit a dentist to learn more about the benefits of electric toothbrushes with tips from a licensed dental assistant in this free video on dental hygiene .
use the key of c on upright bass to find the notes for each chord . learn how to play the c major scale on an upright bass from a music teacher in this free bowed string instrument video .
lip gloss is a great way to apply color to your lips . learn how to apply lip gloss in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
learn how to correctly and quickly pick a note correctly on guitar tabs in this free video series that will have you fluently reading guitar tab in no time .
decorations to ceramic glaze test tiles should be done before the glaze is fired . learn to decorate clay test tiles with tips from a potter in this free ceramics video .
learn how to adjust the tuning posts on your electric guitar to ensure that your instrument will remain in tune and play music beautifully in this free video series .
medical expenses are tax deductible . get tips for understanding what medical expenses are in this free video clip about tax deductible items .
when attempting to date a libra woman , understand that she is an award-winning woman who requires a lot of money and a desire to be treated like a lady . discover what it takes to date libra women with tips from a professional astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
learn how to prepare the thyme for cajun ratatouille with expert cooking tips in this free recipe video on combining french and creme cuisine to make cajouille .
it 's important to warm up the knees , hips and spine in chi gong . learn how to do the knees and spine warm up in this free video clip about coping with everyday medical conditions .
kickboxers use the back leg to drive the ball of the foot into a bag . watch this free martial arts video to learn how to do a back leg drive kick for kickboxing fitness and competitions .
learn about all the ingredients you will need for making tabasco for a margarita from our expert in this free recipe video on how to make your own sushi .
removing the guitar neck is an important part of an acoustic guitar setup . learn how to remove guitar neck with expert tips in this free video .
when swimming pools , test the ph level of the water every week . get a chemical test kit with tips from a pool supply store manager in this free video on swimming pools .
keep those glass etching stencils shaking up before applying etching cream . learn how to etch glass etch cream in this free crafts video .
some body piercings heal up faster than others because blood flow is increased in the areas where the piercing is located . learn the benefits of body piercing closeup time in this free video from an experienced piercer on body modifications .
adjust camera angle and depth of field in after effects . learn how to adjust your camera for digital video in this free home movie lesson from a professional film maker .
contractual stretching is great after running and lifting , especially after exercising . learn more about static stretching for triathlon events in this free sport competition video .
load a lavender still by loading five pounds of lavender buds into the retort , pouring purified water and using a pool timer . learn more about how to load lavender herbs into a still from afarm owner in this free video on lavender .
beginning a cartoon character involves jotting down ideas on a pencil before starting with the eyes . sketch cartoon characters with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
learn how to stretch before tae kwon do in this free martial arts video on kung fu moves and techniques .
inflatable sleeping pads often get holes in them . fix a hole in an inflatable sleeping pad with expert tips in this free backpacking video .
learn how to preheat a sandwich maker and how to serve it in this free alternative health video..
in becoming a portrait photographer , study lighting to study how lights react with human skin and to understand how the sun reflects on the skin . take amazing pictures of different age groups and age groups with information from a professional art and commercial photographer in this free video on photography .
a glass vase for a wedding centerpiece holds sheet moss , flower buds , seashells and candles . create a wedding vase with tips from an event coordinator in this free wedding planning video .
in the plank pose of yoga sun salutations it is important to keep the back straight and relaxed . learn how to do the plank yoga pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
learn about cleaning and maintaining an espresso maker in this free drink recipe video on making your own espresso drinks .
what are the different parts of a skateboard ? learn all about it in this free skateboarding video lesson .
cross hatching is a great way to build a shot through shading with lines . learn about drawing with cross hatching with tips from an illustrator in this free video on drawing and caricature art lessons .
how to make gourmet triple chocolate cookies ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
learn how to read nervous facial expressions in this free video on body language communication skills .
how to do a hair braid ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn what needs to be done before painting a ceiling in this free diy bathroom repair and home improvement video .
do n't use a spray bottle when sandcastle building . learn how to pack the sand for a sandcastle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
when tacking up a horse , undo the flash , nose band and throat latch and remember to put the halter on the horse ; learn more tips on tacking a horse in this free equestrian video about horse care and riding .
the benefits of tai chi movements and forms include exercise , stress relief and body control . see a demonstration of the single whip move from a tai chuan expert in this free martial arts video .
how to sharpen spiral metal cutting drill bits ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on how to sharpen carpentry tools in this free instructional video .
learn more tips on how to setup an audio object in apple logic pro music software in this free video for artists , bands , and songwriters .
learn how to form the spout of a double-walled pottery teapot in this free video lesson on ceramic art .
here are some tips on how to start face painting at home in this free video clip .
clean kitchen and bathroom rugs by first putting them in the washer , shaking and sweep the rug with old rags to remove all the hair and dirt . keep old rugs clean and new with help from a professional house cleaner and organizer in this free video on housekeeping .
a tucked no-hander is a more difficult bmx trick to perform . learn more about tucked-no-handers from a professional bmx rider in this free biking video .
when finished the final artistic look of the paper folding project you have to decide what you want to do with it . watch this free video clip and see how a finished paper craft project looks .
antique connecticut clocks are often gilded and have weights attached to each piece . find out about connecticut timepieces with tips from a clock repairman and collector in this free video on antique collecting .
when lighting fireworks , a safety person should be designated to see over all backyard displays and the ignition officer assigned to the shooter to ignite the explosive device . learn more about injury from a fire captain in this free pyrotechnics video .
think about your introduction in your public speech . get tips for writing an attention-getting introduction in this free video clip about writing a great persuasive speech for public speaking .
most of the time , you 'll catch bad hands . that 's nature of poker . learn how to play jacks to open from a champion poker player in this free card video .
demonstrating a martial arts defense against a knife threat . learn self-defense with martial arts in this free video .
learn the meaning of the hamletback goliath red or chaos card and how to play it in magic : the gathering in this free card game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
begin to draw eyes and eyelashes for valentine 's day puppets with funny faces . draw eyes for a children 's puppet with tips from a long-time crafts enthusiast in this free video on arts and crafts .
you always like to recycle everything that you possibly can so you 'll take the ends of flower arrangements that you do n't use and cut off and use those tools . learn how to assemble a heliconia flower arrangement from a professional floral designer in this free video .
a professional skateboarder can earn more than $ 5,000 a month , but only a select few skateboarders can earn that amount . find out how much professional skaters can earn with advice from a professional skater in this free video on skateboarding careers .
how to properly cut guitar strings when you restring a guitar ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
benefits of eating black beans salsa from active lifestyle ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by an expert chef .
how to remove the retaining clips that hold in the u joint caps . learn about universal joint replacement on a car 's rear axle in this free car repair video .
learn how to do the football drill with resistance bands in your workout with this free fitness video .
learn how to play aerosmith 's 'dream on ' on guitar in this free video clip on reading and playing guitar tablature .
how to add glitter for applying makeup like the singer beyonce knowles ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
best spices to use for paneer masala to enhance the flavor and texture of this indian dish ; learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation of chicken and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
to learn climbing movement , go to a local indoor gym and take a technique class , or climb with qualified instructors . learn the climbing movement with tips from an experienced rock climber in this free video on rock climbing .
push-ups are great for building core strength as you lift and lower yourself from the ground . do push-ups with tips from a fitness director in this free video on exercise programs .
learn how to cut onions for meatball ( albondigas ) soup in this free meatball soup recipe video .
materials and how to sew a reversible teddy bear explained in this free stuffed animal video .
do you want 6 pack abs ? here are some great ab exercises such as the 100 that will help get you there in these free fitness videos .
how to water and fertilize mexican honeysuckle plants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own plants and herbs in this free gardening video .
learn how texture is used as a basic element of painting design in this free instructional video art lesson .
it is important for any player to know that cheating on the other team on the field is not acceptable . learn why cheating on a paintball field is unacceptable in this free sports video clip .
eat nutritious , whole foods . learn about children 's nutrition , food allergies , and getting kids to eat healthy in this free video .
learn tips on how to properly play a barred g7 chord on a left handed guitar with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
learn how to mix paint for your painting and tips on the basics of color theory in this free instructional art video .
 snap a chalkline to cut a straight line or to add permanent chalk to a piece of wood . learn how to snap chalk lines using the home maintenance tips in this free video .
how to open the hole in the potter 's wheel to throw a pot ; learn this and more in this free video arts and crafts lesson taught by an expert .
learn how to block a vicious kick in knockdown kyukushin karate in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin head instructor tony capraro .
it 's possible to come up with a good plan just in a thumbnail sketch , but you never know for sure how it 's going to work . learn how to write a good chinese calligraphy layout in this free video art lesson .
for shrimp with indian-spiced potatoes , check on the potatoes to see if they are soft and flake off easily . check potatoes with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
learn how to decompress a strut compressor with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
practice playing violin at a recital hall to familiarize yourself with the space . learn more about practicing for violin performances with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
tremolo is a great guitar effects pedal that can alter the tone of your sound depending on what you are playing . learn more about tremolo effects pedals from a professional musician in this free guitar video .
control the stack with sorcery cards . learn `` magic : the gathering '' cards and stack rules from a certified judge in this free magic cards video .
when wearing short dresses , wear dresses that reach just above the knee to help camouflage certain parts of the body in order to conceal the body . find out how to pick out a short dress that will fit your body type with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
balance is an important aspect of a shadowbox picture frame . examine the relationship of the shadow box pieces with advice from a professional artist in this free home decor video .
avoid swirl marks on a speed boat by using a high-speed buffer and foam pad . avoid damaging the finish of a sailboat with tips from a car wash owner in this free video on speed boat detailing .
cleaning paving bricks can be done with a power washer or with a scrub brush . find out how to clean paving bricks with tips from a heating , ventilation and air conditioning ( hvac ) certified technician in this free video on home repair .
what are the costs of making a video resume ? find out in this free educational video series .
learn how to add lentils to a healthy lentil soup , following this heart healthy online recipe video .
when applying a jelly scrub on a horse 's face , hold the head steady so the animals ca n't flip around . learn how to apply jelly scrubs on horses with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
triplet drum beat patterns have three hits in a measure . play triplet drum patterns on all four beats with tips from a drumming teacher in this free video on playing drums .
use special tools to remove brake rotors . learn how to identify brake rotor wear and tear in this free brake job instruction video .
hermit crabs are an omnivorous animal which eat anything they can find , as well as plant matter and animal matter . make sure to feed hermit crabs a nutritionally complete diet with tips from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
a sponge is a great tool to use when glazing clay pots on the pottery wheel . see how to use a sponge to hide clay on the wheel in this free ceramics video .
in skateboarding , a healflip varial is a combination of a front side shove-it combined together . do a heal flip varial with tips from a sponsored skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding tricks .
learn how to switch ollie over a different board from a skateboarding expert in this free how-to video on performing tricks on a skateboard .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
learn how to check garbage disposal in this free home improvement video from a kitchen appliance expert .
performing squats is a great way to strengthen your lower back . learn a lower back exercise from a choreographer in this free latino home workout video .
this violin lesson etude line has three sharps . learn how to play the third line of a violin etude in this free video violin lesson from a professional violin instructor .
sensitive cornrows can be braided and not all of the time . braid cornrows of any size and pattern with tips from an experienced hair stylist in this free video .
improv is an essential tool skill for actors . learn about improv for the theater in this free video series on acting performance .
what are the frequency determining components in a breadboard oscillator ? learn more in this free educational video series .
reach the left hand into a c shape on upright bass . learn about finger pattern 1a on the e string on an upright bass from a music teacher in this free bowed string instrument video .
handwriting is a great tool for forensic experts . learn more about the importance of calligraphy analysis in this free calligraphic lettering lesson from a calligrapher with three decades of lettering experience .
holding a african drum is different for every musician . watch an expert drummer give tips on the best way to hold a drum in this free video clip .
learn how to install tower battlements in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
organ players can change keys by modulating an old key . discover new ways to change keys on an organ using the music tips in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
set up futuristic sunglasses in fashion design with black , silver or gold designs . learn to design futuristic sunglasses for fashion croquis from a designer in this free fashion illustration video .
playing center field in softball requires communicating with the other team on the field , throwing a low line drive and communicating with everyone . play center field with tips from a former collegiate all-american softball player in this free video on softball .
grapes for california sparkling wines need to have good acidity and a tangy character . learn about the region of califian sparkling wine with tips from a sommelier in this free sparkling wine video .
learn how to avoid bad hair coloring with expert hair color tips in this free hair styling video clip .
want to play jazz piano ? learn some jazz tips on spotting 4/4 time in this free video clip on jazz piano tips .
it is imperative to button your shirt before you fold it up . learn how to fold a button up short sleeve in this free clothing care video .
the lid of a bridal look on ethnic skin should be a plum matte color . apply a plum lid to ethnic skin with tips from a makeup artist in this free video on health and beauty .
how to do the eiffel tower trick on your yo-yo in this freehow-to video .
learn tips on how to write the word 'start ' with the chinese radical of mouth in this free video clip on chinese characters and foreign languages .
breaking the neck is a serious attack in women 's self-defense . learn how to break the neck in this free safety video from a martial arts expert .
learn how to transfer video over to the computer in this free video .
to repair a clogged ice maker , check the supply water , the ice receptor in the door and check if the ice is working properly . start with fresh ice to disassemble an ice maker with tips from a remodeling contractor in this free video on home repair and maintenance .
a whole note is a measure that lasts four beats or four counts . learn a whole note theory for music theory for midi composing from an audio engineer in this free music theory video .
tips for using program like rosterize type . learn about filters and tools used to create photoshop special effects text in this free photoshop tutorial from a professional graphic designer .
learn what types of helmets are best for mountain biking and how to use them safely in this free online video series about biking and biking enthusiasts .
acupuncture is a great alternative medicine that can help stimulate certain brain functions and help you lose weight . learn tips on how and why this is from an acupuncture expert in this free video clip .
how to pick the right purse or handbag for your wardrobe ; get professional tips and advice on choosing and buying fashion accessories in this free fashion video .
a front side 50-50 is when you ollie on to a ledge and grind using both trucks at the same time . learn how to do a front side50-50 in this free video on skateboarding tricks .
learn how to install a smoke detector base , and other diy home fire safety tips , in this free home improvement and maintenance video .
women 's swim goggles were introduced a few years ago with a narrower goggle that fit more women-shaped faces . discover new anti-fog swim goggles , such as the tier fin , view selene and speedo vanquisher , with advice from the owner of a swimwear shop in this free
paper you 'll need to make a paper cowboy hat and how to assemble the hat ; learn this and more in this free online arts and crafts video on making party supplies taught by expert ginny larson .
the main goal of the alternating bicep curls in bodybuilding is to force as much blood into the muscle as possible . watch a demonstration of alternating biceps curls from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
audio recording is a huge part of video production , so learn how to connect external microphones to the canon xh a1 video camera in this free production video .
how to use hand positions to relieve headaches in this free alternative medicine therapy video clip .
watch and learn as our expert demonstrates how to mark a course on a course in this free training video on competitive cross country running .
stay safe on winter hikes ; find tips for hiking in winter and staying warm in the snow in this this free video on winter exercise .
use measurements to measure coat rack base plates . measure the base plate for a coat rack with tips from an industrial design teacher in this free woodwork video .
using a mixer in sony vegas is an important part of the video editing process , get a tutorial in this free video .
cover the whole clay with glue . learn how to glue a 3d picture to a board in this free crafts video .
high-speed digital cameras are able to shoot at a higher asa iso , without getting very much noise . consider purchasing a digital camera with a chip that allows a high-speed photographer to increase the quality of photographs with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photography .
everyone in your band enjoys working with each other and can get along , so be committed to your group . learn to keep your band together when problems arise from an expert in this free music management video .
the high hat in a hip hop drum beat almost keeps the rhythm of the song and sets up the snare and high hat for other sounds along the beat . create rap beats with the best of them with tips and information from an experienced and accredited rap producer in this free video .
watch as a flower expert and professional gardener demonstrates how to plant and care for fall-blooming arum italicum bulbs -- also known as calla lilies -- in this free online video about home gardening .
make your own paper airplane . learn how to design a dream plane in this free kids crafts video from an expert on building paper airplanes .
how to play riff 7 for playing blues guitar in a ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
the fountain pose with a partner is a great chest opener and back opener . learn the fountain pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
adding a thin brush to your rooster watercolor painting is a great way to add character and dimension to your artistic design . learn more about adding the thin brush you 'll use to create the feather action from a professional artist in this free painting video .
in kickboxing , keep the knees bent and the body relaxed to perform the hook punch pad drill . practice this attack pad drill with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
centipedes are venomous creatures that can bite people . learn how to avoid centipedes in this free video .
removing eyebrow wax will often require a wax remover . learn how to use wax removers for eyebrow waxing with tips from a hairstylist in this free beauty care video .
learn how to trim the sides of the box when making decoupage in this free video craft clip .
dress for a disco by wearing a disco outfit that accentuates the body and dance floor . bring dance moves to a disco party with the help of this free video from a dance instructor on dancing costumes .
plastic golf balls are a great golf ball to use for practice when practicing the game of golf . learn more about playing golf with plastic golf balls from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
saute vegetables in oil until they are ready to add to the rice . saute vegetables for general tso 's chicken with fried mushroom rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
professional children 's entertainers can be found on the internet and at local advertising websites . learn how to find a professional entertainer for your child 's party in this free video on theater and performance .
playing the boogie shuffle along with the heavy press roll on the edge of the rim is a great way to add an explosive sound to your rock drum beat . learn some tips from a drumming expert in this free video clip .
learn how to add garlic powder to falafel following this easy greek video recipe .
learn how to secure windows in your house in this free video .
removing struts . learn how to remove front struts on a front-wheel drive vehicle in this free car maintenance video from an automobile repairman .
learn how to cook eggplant in a george foreman grill to make a heart healthy eggplant sandwich in this free online video recipe .
in core fitness , keep the legs parallel and get a 95 to 45 degree angle tracing the inside of one leg with the toe . learn to do develope core exercises while lying on the side with tips from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
finding the right size bra for your needs is essential . get tips on how to fit a bra with expert tips in this free women 's fashion video .
to do a water aerobics ab exercise using a noodle , bring knees to chest . learn how to do these ab exercises with expert tips in this free exercise video .
watch and learn how to play a basic drum beat variation that has the bass drum , or kick drum , on beats 1 and 4 , the snare on beats 2 and 4 and the high hat on the 8th notes , in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
get an overview on how to make tropical flower arrangements ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
centerpieces for a beach themed wedding include orchids , tropical foliage and greenery . create beach themed centerpieces with tips from an event coordinator in this free wedding planning video .
when setting up a hookah bar , introduce people to the bar and introduce themselves to the smoke and tobacco . introduce people with tips from a hookahs bar owner in this free video on hookah smoking .
becoming an executive protection agent requires experience and a variety of training centers . learn how to become a bodyguard with tips from a former secret service agent in this free career video .
when creating millefiori glass beads , stretch the beads to create uniform shapes . stretch glass beads using the craft tips in this free video lesson on bead-making from a professional glass bead designer .
learn how to do slap ups in tap dancing with expert tap dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online dance lesson and choreography video clip .
one woman show is a great alternative to the typical one-woman show . learn how to act as a country western character in this free comedy improv video .
learn how to decorate the plate for cuban congri , or cuban rice and beans , with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
in basketball , spin moves help set up a defensive player to shoot the ball . do spin moves in basketball with tips from a former semi-pro basketball player in this free video on basketball .
stay healthy when you 're traveling in peru . get tips on medicine and staying healthy during your peru vacation or trip in this free peru travel guide video .
how to finish applying your own celebrity makeup ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
the most fundamental thing in mountain bike safety is to make sure that your wheels are properly installed and brakes are lined up . learn more in this free video series .
line adduction works the inner part of the thigh . learn how to do line adduction with tubing in this free fitness video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
when packing a backpacking backpack , try storing water bottles in the outside pocket . learn more about backpacking gear with expert tips in this free backpacking video .
break dancing closes with a suicide or freeze ; learn break dancing for the clubs in this free video on break dancing moves for beginners .
when beginning an equine massage evaluation , it 's important to consider a horse 's overall condition . learn to evaluate a horse for massage with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
gran turismo 5 cars , such as the tuscan tvr , drift with more power and weight shifting . get free gran turismo 7 tips and advice on how to drift in front engine rear wheel drive cars with lower body power in this free video .
it 's important to prepare your organic parsley garden bed properly . learn some tips for preparing your garden bed from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
there are several different styles of belly-dancing earrings that can be found at jewelery shops , bead shops and craft shops . find earring styles with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance .
how to cut bell pepper and onion for a french chicken recipe ; learn more about traditional french food in this free cooking video .
remember to straighten the spine and keep your weight over your feet in this pep rally dance count . learn how to count in this free cheerleading and dancing video .
learn the mechanical worthiness of a used car when buying one with expert car buying advice in this free online used car video clip .
tips for creating drum sounds in logic pro . learn how to create a hip hop template with logic pro 8 in this free music software video from a music studio owner and producer .
bearded dragons use a t-rex supplement to supplement their diet . learn how to take care of a bearded dragon and reptiles in this free video tutorial on exotic pets .
learn the importance of stopping caffeine in your drinks for better sleeping with expert sleeping tips in this free online healthy living video clip .
professional budget advice you ca n't miss ! learn how to create a budget for personal finances in this free online video tutorial .
remember to keep your lower body stationary as you start your shoulder isolations . learn how to do lower body picking up in hip hop dance warm-ups from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
in jujitsu , use the head and knees to soften up the attacker and provide the option of striking the groin and groin . strike the attacker effectively with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujutsu .
flexor muscles take a beating all day . workout with a partner and stretch the hip flexor muscles with tips from a physical trainer in this free fitness video .
a good cardio kickboxing workout will try to get kicks at least waist high . try doing four basic kicks with tips from a kickboxing instructor in this free video on cardio kicks .
learn what tools are required to adjust wheel bearings on a car with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
when going into the studio it 's a good idea to record demos . learn how to choose a practice space to record your music in from our recording expert in this free video clip .
pilates push ups are an advanced pilates exercise that builds upper body strength . learn to do pilates push up exercises with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
cleaning pewter is easily done with commercial cleaning products , but mixing a bit of salt , vinegar and 1/2 cup of flour and letting it sit for a few minutes and then drying it with hot water and a sponge . keep pewtery clean and new with tips from a professional house cleaner and
watch as a seasoned professional discusses aquarians in this free online video about astrology in romance .
reflexology techniques include thumb walking , finger walking and gliding strokes . discover different reflexology techniques with information from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on massage therapy .
prepping the snap on a sail is easy with these tips . get expert advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
what food to eat to hunt and camp in sub zero temperatures is discussed in this free camping video with a professional huntsman .
interested in learning how your children are learning ballet ? get tips for using observation days for ballet lessons in this free video clip from a professional ballet dancer .
discover tips for chopping mushrooms to make cream of mushroom soup in this free online cooking video .
how to gather and use the proper ingredients to make meatloaf ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by expert rich buccola .
learn what a base coach does and how to make important contact with runners in this free video on baseball coaching .
plants for containers can be difficult to grow in a home . learn how to plant flower bulbs in containers in this free gardening video about how to grow geraniums in containers .
johann sebastian bach was one of the best orchestral music composers around and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
to set an iphone alarm , press the clock icon on the home page , select the time to set the alarm and check the label to make sure it 's on every time the alarm is turned off . set a clock and reset it periodically with tips from a digital technology specialist in this free video on
for the fifteen second signal on the news room floor , always hold the news arm straight up and down . learn more about news room signals from an abc53 floor director in this free video .
how to properly chop onions for greek fish gutavas ; learn tips , trick and preparations suggestions in this free online cooking video about greek food taught by an expert chef .
a wide-toothed comb is great for combing hair . get tips for using a wide-tohed comb in this free hairstyle video about the tools for braiding hair .
shoot a head fake shot and a floater shot in basketball and learn how to play the game of basketball in this free sports training video , with tips and techniques for beginning basketball players .
an inverter is an electronic and electric unit that is able to use 24 volts that are going in . learn about saving energy in your home with natural or solar power in this free video .
using dumbbells for shoulder shrugs will help build muscle in the anterior , posterior deltoid and traps . learn how to use dumbbell 's for upper body building from a certified personal trainer in this free exercise video .
learn from our expert about doing some push ups when running in this free training video on cross country running tips and techniques .
learn how to give treats to multiple dogs in this free dog care video from our pet health professional .
kotegaeshi from yokomenuchi must be done in conjunction with the tenkan motion . learn the aikido technique zenonage tenkan in this free martial arts training video featuring a 4th degree black belt .
learn how to use shoelaces for soccer juggling with expert tips and advice on soccer skill and techniques in this free online soccer video clip .
keep your ice fishing gear properly clean . learn more maintenance tips in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
knowing what to look for when buying squash for your garden is very important to their success and growth . learn how to choose the best possible squash to grow in your garden in this free horticulture video from a veteran gardener .
glue rhinestones to clothing carefully ; learn to embellish t-shirts and clothing in this free video .
play drum and-one , two , and-two for swing music with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
get a walkthrough of the escape in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
reason 4 has many preferences such as audio output that can be used and altered to make it easier to work with . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
knowing what tools you need to get started screen printing can make a difference in your screen printing . get tips on tools for screen printing from a printmaking expert in this free video .
learn what pains to avoid when pole dancing and how to avoid common mistakes in this free fitness video on pole dancing exercises .
wax is applied to a ceramic sculpture in a hole that the artist must fill before removing it . learn about the process of making a wax sculpture with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
a belly dancing shimmy with an undulation creates an ooey-gooey feel to the music . practice undulations and shimmies with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
set the levels of a four track recorder to properly record vocals . learn how in this free music production video lesson on how to record your own songs for cheap .
when writing a drama screenplay , it 's important to write characters that have any sort of personal connection to or that the audience , or audience , will really invest themselves in . write a great drama screenplay with tips from a filmmaker in this free video on writing and screenwriting .
learn about the biological aspect of depression in this free home health video .
a draw is a golf club that is generally used from between 100 to 200 yards . learn how to draw with a seven iron from a professional golf instructor in this free golf instruction video .
learn from our expert how to clip and make a head for a pheasant tail in fly fishing in this free fishing video on techniques for and making fly fishing nymphs .
pencil sketching teeth adds character to an illustration . learn to sketch teeth with tips from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
learn how to do a hapkido bo staff defense in this free martial arts weapons training video .
picking a target in travian online is easy with these tips , get expert advice on online security and gaming in this free video .
learn how to separate the paper for decoupage a bowl in this free video craft clip .
basic footwork in belly dancing includes stepping forward with knees bent , belly button pulled in , chest lifted and shoulders back and down . learn to do step-touch side footwork for belly dancing with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance .
the bigger the number of hooks in fishing , the larger the catch . learn more about fishing hooks in this free fishing video from the owner of a fishing tackle store .
in a bossa nova drum beat , rim-click patterns create a latin feel and rhythm by playing them in odd downbeats and upstrokes . find out how to rim- click and create an interesting latin groove using tips and lessons from an experienced latin drummer in this free video .
play a sample game to make sure that you understand all the elements of states dice . learn how to play states dice in this free gaming video .
use stop bleed or styptic powder to clip dog nails . learn more about clipping dog nails with tips from a dog groomer in this free pet care video .
learn how to do the boogoloo stretch in hip hop fitness in this free and easy dance lesson video .
wearing a white blouse is an essential part of any woman 's wardrobe . learn how to pick the best white blouses for you when you 're 30 in this free video .
watch an expert chef combine the ingredients and the gelatin to make a vomit texture in this free quick and easy recipe video .
make your own nail art . learn how to file and buff nails for nail art in this free video clip from a professional nail technician .
create small cracks in a ceramic candlestick holder by using a large potter 's knife . learn how to create small cracks with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn more tips on how to add effects to a song with apple logic pro music software in this free video for artists , bands , and songwriters .
ca n't scrape together the cash for a birthday clown ? no problem , let our expert show you how to make a balloon flower in this free birthday party planning video .
learn how to view options in itunes in this free itunes video lesson from an ipod user and expert on music downloading .
learn about setting good example at martial arts school in this free martial arts training advice video from our black belt instructor .
using the high lift ice fishing technique is a great way to attract perch . learn some techniques for baiting perch from a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
learn how to use small pieces of firewood , plus expert tips on how to build a fire in a fireplace , in this free how-to video .
keep nail polish on nails by not picking at polish , maintaining the natural nail care and wearing gloves to maintain the polish look and strength of nails . wear gloves when applying nail polish with tips from a licensed aesthetician in this free video on nail care .
creating the base you 'll use to create your dancer figurine sculpture and your base for your sculpture ; tips and techniques to have you sculpting like a pro in no time in this free online art lesson on video taught by expert jorge benlloch .
mixing colors for a tea cup flower arrangement is important so that the colors do not bond with glycerin . mix colors for tea cups with tips from a professional artist in this free video about how to decorate tea cup flowers .
proper head position in floor gymnastics is important for every skill . learn some important head positions with tips from a gymnastics coach in this free gymnastics video .
defend against an opponent who can reach over your head . learn how to do praying mantis kung fu overhead block low chops in this free martial arts video from a black belt instructor .
seal the clay for a ceramic teapot to prevent s cracks and cuts . learn how to seal clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
how to de-seed the spaghetti squash for making spaghetti squash casserole ; learn more about homemade creole recipes in this free cooking video .
improv guitar soloing can seem much harder than it really is . here is a video to offer some tips on how to perform punk rock solos on the guitar .
watercolor pencils are great for painting leather and denim clothing . become a great watercolor artist with tips from an experienced professional painter in this free video clip .
learn how to make a sachet that smell so that you sew your own bedroom accessories in this free instructional video on sewing instructional items .
lie on the belly and bring your elbows directly beneath the shoulders and wrists . learn about zen yoga in this free exercise video from a yoga teacher .
learn how to match the inside of an oven to the outside of the oven in this free how-to video on how to better clean your oven .
work on your feet as an interviewer . learn about job interview preparation in this free series of career advice videos on radio broadcasting .
foot placement is important for a back hurdle in diving . find out proper foot placement from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
defense wins championships . learn about the defensive stance in a triple threat offense in this free football video .
how to prepare the pan for curry phyllo triangles ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic curry recipe in this free cooking video .
learn how to play `` dani california '' by red hot chili peppers on guitar and get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar in this free music lesson video .
it 's important to tuck in the fabric and fold it in on top and on the bottom and leave about a half inch of fabric that you can sew your final strip to . learn how to make a shaggy rug out of recycled jeans in this free video on home decor .
the extended lateral angle pose is a great senior yoga exercise that 's great for strengthening the shoulder muscles . learn how to do the extended angle warrior pose in this free exercise video from a registered yoga teacher .
when working with clay , the first step is to join the clay pieces . discover how to join clay pieces with tips from an art teacher in this free video on sculpture .
learn how to dress for contact juggling shows with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling lesson video .
learn safety tips when changing car front brake pads with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
easy fake bruises and special effects makeup ! learn how to cover bruised bruises with makeup in this free video series on making fake bruises and stage makeup effects .
when buying a new battery for an ipod shuffle , do n't take it apart apart or try to avoid taking it apart . find a battery that is completely healthy and is fully functional with tips for a technology specialist in this free video on ipod computers .
the kick and open hat drumming technique is easy and repetitive and provides a solid foundation for the rest of the beats . create rap beats with the best of them with tips and information from an experienced and accredited rap producer in this free video .
what is a tight package in boxing . learn how to play defense in boxing , as well as counter punch techniques in this free training video for boxers .
learn how to do the bow hula hooping trick in this free hula hoop workout video .
learn how to choose a gourd bowl in this free craft video .
learn about the costs of getting a car racing sponsor with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free nhra racing video clip .
chinos have a tendency to crease . learn how to fold chinos in this free clothing care video .
banishing crusty , ashy elbows forever is possible by exfoliating the skin in a circular motion . keep rid of crusty elbows with tips from a beauty editor in this free video on facial skin care .
an english 3-speed bicycle usually has straight lines and a standard diamond shape frame . learn more about the parts of english three-speed bikes from a bicycle expert in this free video .
holding a cowbell correctly is essential for a full set of drums . set up a cow bell correctly with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on drums .
learn how to stapling fabric for a curtain sewing project with expert sewing instructions in this free crafting video clip .
the lower leg raise exercise is a great way to exercise the lower part of the abdominal muscles . exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on ab exercises .
the cross advancing drill in women 's lacrosse helps with defensive positioning and footwork . learn how to do the cross advancing warm-up drill for women in this free lacrosse video .
to tweeze nostril hairs , apply numbing gel , bengay or ambesol to numb the area and start pulling one hair at a time . trim nostril hair with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on health and beauty .
learn how to hold the hair in a japanese shiatsu massage to relieve stress and tension with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
get creative and make your own wire sculpture ! learn how to make the tail in this free video clip about making a lizard wire sculpture .
what tools and supplies are needed to recharging an ac system . learn about recharging a car 's air conditioner with refrigerant and ac systems in this free car maintenance video .
in saxophone , the minor seventh chord for f sharp is a scale that begins on the fifth note of the minor scale . play an f sharp major scale on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
taking specific gravity measurements and then preparing the bottle caps for your russian stout beer ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video about brewing beer taught by an expert brewer .
learn how to file investor taxes in this free video clip about small business tax tips .
learn how to inspect a leaky bathtub faucet by watching this series of free home improvement videos from our home repair expert .
communication is one of the most important elements of a paintball team . learn about developing a good communication as a part of paintball squad tactics in this free sports and recreation video .
how to know which inlet hose is which . learn about flushing coolant systems in this free car maintenance video .
learn how to pick the base fabric for a handmade purse with expert tips on hip , fashionable , and modern purse styles in this free sewing video clip .
when massaging the feet of a client , use thumbing techniques to massage the dorsal and toes . learn more about thumbing the feet with tips from a yoga instructor in this free massage therapy video .
when playing the a scale on the saxophone , the mixolydian mode is a scale that begins on the fifth note of the a sharp scale . play the a major scale on saxophone with tips from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
learn how to attach front and back pieces to cloth grocery bags with expert crafting tips from an expert clothes designer in this green living and recycling video clip .
examples of image mode in adobe photoshop . learn about different mode options in the photoshop interface in this free graphic design tutorial from an image manipulation expert .
learn how to create texture with pastels in this free pastel art video lesson .
play straight fourth snare drum on all four coordinates with bass on off beats with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
it 's important to attach a perfection loop to the steel leader when ice fishing . learn more about attaching perfection loops to steel leaders from a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
an annuity works through the accumulation phase , where money is put into the instrument and deferred . plan for the future by choosing an annuity with tips from a registered financial consultant in this free financial planning video .
learn how to remove the old socket of a prosthetic limb with expert tips on how to make artificial limbs in this free online prostheses video clip .
get your faith on . learn how to tell bible stories to your kids in this free christian values and parenting video clip .
how to serve apple rice salad ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making some unique , fresh salads in this free cooking video .
3rd position triads on the mandolin 's lower strings are easy to play with these tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
in pilates , the side lying double-leg lift exercise strengthens the oblique muscles . learn more about the side leg lift advanced pilates exercise with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
calf raises are a great way to increase flexibility in your leg muscles . learn how to do calf raises in your yoga routine from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn how to use the body as a lie detector in this free video clip .
attaching a protective coating to a wall or wall protects the edges of the wall . learn to use a protective coat on a wall protector from a professional painting contractor in this free video on home decor .
when cleaning the base of the toilet , rinse out the cloth two or three times to remove dust and debris . clean the toilet base with tips from a nanny in this free video on toilet cleaning .
palming the back in thai yoga massage protects the wrists and should not be pushed on the bones . learn how to pal the back with tips from a yoga instructor in this free massage therapy video .
keep moving ballerina boxes free of clutter . learn about other items to keep out when early packing for a move with expert tips in this free moving video .
learn how to apply clear glass to glass beads in this free video series that will show you how to make these decorative beads that are perfect for homemade jewelry .
learn how to play two shakers in the music lesson in this free video .
learn how to roll the cheese grater for homemade gnocchi with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian cuisine video clip .
double snap ice fishing swivel for an ice fishing rod increases the fishing comfort level for fish . learn how to attach a double snap with a water gun from a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
the camel pose keeps the feet healthy with blood flow and better nutrient circulation by stretching the toes and arches . prepare muscles for a workout with these stretching exercise techniques from an experienced personal trainer in this free video .
creating an average speed running schedule will force a runner to maintain a particular pace for a given amount of time . create a treadmill workout schedule with tips from a fitness instructor in this free video on treadmill workouts .
here are some useful tips on playing a hammond organ in rock music . watch this free video on music theory .
learn about the round-the-corner rule in rummy from an expert card player in this free instructional video .
learn how to tie a correct palomar knot for hiking , climbing , or sailing in this free knot tying video clip .
learn how to file down a parrot 's nails so that they are comfortable for them to hold in this free pet care video clip .
indian food is full of interesting spices and flavors . learn how to add peas for indian potatoes , carrots & peas in this free recipe video .
learn how to relieve pain in the neck and back using a spine aligner in this free how-to video series on using aligners .
write down the name and title of the interview . learn about analyzing a job interview in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
learn how to sight sing in this free voice lesson video from our sight singing expert and award-winning choir singer .
front shoulder raises involve using water bottles or canned items . learn front shoulder raises with expert tips from a professional personal trainer in this free fitness video .
practicing the chanter will help you learn the finger technique on the bagpipe and basic tunes . get more practice tips in this free video series that will teach you all you need to know to become a great bagpipe player .
when watercolor painting a house and church , create more trees to add interest . learn more painting tips for creating interest in a watercolor landscape with houses in this free painting lesson from a painting instructor and professional painter .
discover tips for mixing mayonnaise to make american potato salad in this free side dish cooking class on video .
learn how to read the seven of pentacles tarot card in this free fortune-telling video on how read tarot cards .
learn how to do the triangle yoga pose and learn how to correctly position your body for increased strength and flexibility as well as circulation , in this free exercise video from a professional yoga teacher .
special supplies are needed to build a sandcastle . get expert tips and advice on sandcastle building tools in this free instructional video .
learn tips for picking plants for a moon garden in this free gardening video .
how to play beat 19 on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
try side squats with a medicine ball to increase the intensity of your balance ball workout . learn medicine ball side squats for balance ball exercises in this free fitness video .
learn the sivananda yoga cobra pose in this free exercise video .
the pelvic floor , in pilates , has a tilt to it , which is why engaging the proper muscles is important . learn how to engage the pelvic floor from a professional pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
reducing freckles is done by first cleanse the skin , applying a spot treat on the ring finger and always wearing a sun screen on the whole face . reduce freckle with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on skin care .
expert video gamer gives tips on maneuvering on platforms and staying on the wall in orange box 's game portal in this free computer gaming video clip on video games .
caring for a labrador retriever requires avoiding overfeeding and exercising because labradors tend to get fat fast in harsh weather . provide a lot of leadership and love to the family with advice from a certified dog trainer in this free video on dog care and obedience .
learn what to expect from the queen of cups tarot card in this free fortune-telling video on how to read tarot cards .
master a specific track in ultrabeat using logic 8 . mix and edit musical tracks with the click of a mouse as an experienced music producer shows how easy it is to use .
in calligraphy , the italic capital letter e begins with the same stroke as the c but the next stroke is a cap stroke . learn how to write the letter e using calligraphic lettering in this free art video from a calligrapher .
breathing is an important aspect of chair yoga that helps to bring focus to the body . learn more about breathing and chair yoga from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
acupuncturists sometimes use single-use needles to stimulate certain areas of the body . learn more about acupuncture and how it can help you from our medical expert in this free video .
set up the toms in your drum kit like a pro . learn how with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on drums .
the advantages of a salad bowl finish include being non-toxic . learn how to apply a variety of finishes for a turned bowl in this free woodworking lesson from a woodturning instructor .
for shrimp with indian-spiced potatoes , clean the dirt of the peeled potatoes before peeling them . peel potatoes with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
play voice leading arpeggios in a four bar progression . learn how to play voice leading in this free upright bass video from a jazz and classical bass player .
acrylic powder should always be in a sealed container . learn how to take care of acrylic painting tools in this free nail art video from a professional nail technician .
johannes brahms was one of the greatest music composers in history and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
using a crystal that hang from the ceiling or in a window is a great way to enhance creativity . learn how to use lights in your space from a feng shui expert in this free decorating video .
the cafe de paris is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
slice ginger ginger to add flavor to a sauteed lemon-lime shrimp recipe . discover how to slice ginger with expert tips from a professional chef in this free video clip about easy shrimp recipes .
mince and dice the onions when they are little smaller than the garlic . chop onions and garlic with tips from a professional chef in this free video about how to prepare steak diane .
balance out the extreme stretch of opening the hips with a slow and relaxed counter pose . learn a zen yoga counter pose from the founder in this free yoga video .
scrape off extra wax before waxing a snowboard . snowboarders keep wax off of their snowboard using a scraper with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free video on snowboarding .
how to place the shrimp in the baking dish for making crab stuffed shrimp ; get expert tips on homemade seafood recipes in this free cooking video .
a side break in a salsa dance mirrors the follower 's and their movements . learn to salsa and ballroom dance in this free dancing video lesson .
pull a handle for a ceramic pitcher to flatten out the clay and give it a different look . learn to pull a handle with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
shoot red barrels right away when playing call of duty 4 : modern warfare ; learn more tips on advancing levels in this free computer gaming video clip on video games .
spraying the exterior of your pottery surface before painting prepares the surface to be painted . learn how to spray glaze on a pottery background in this free ceramics .
how to prepare your crab cakes for cooking ; learn this and more in this free online instructional cooking video about seafood taught by an expert .
in an alternative medicine for blood donations , it is important to drain blood from the coconut . learn how blood can be poured from coconut from an expert in this free video clip .
learn how to make a first aid kit for your dog in this free video clip .
pointing dogs helps to establish a perimeter at their human partners command . teach a dog to point by going out and see pointing dogs in action with tips from a dog trainer in this free video on pet care .
learn how to add doenjang to korean soon tobu ji gae stew with expert cooking tips in this free korean cuisine video clip .
measure and cut wood for a table lamp top cap . learn how to measure and cut a top cap with tips from a woodworker in this free home decor video .
a scissors move in soccer is an attacking move that involves changing speed , change of direction and the element of surprise . do scissors moves in soccer with tips from a soccer coach in this free video on soccer .
learn the secondary in a nickel defense with expert football tips and advice from a former football player in this free football defense video clip .
gecko is a commonly used herb in traditional chinese medicine . learn more about gecko herbs from an acupuncturist in this free alternative medicine video .
drawing shoes made easy ! learn how to draw feet on cartoon villains and monsters in this free video on cartooning and drawing bad guys .
swimming with a dog is a fun exercise for the whole family . get exercise tips for a dog in this free video on dog care .
jogging is a great way to warm up for basketball . learn how to jog for a basketball warm up with tips from a basketball coach in this free video on basketball drills .
when fertilizing evergreen trees , use plenty of water and organic matter in the soil to help kill the lustery green color . fertilize ever-green trees with tips from a gardening specialist in this free video on trees .
the half forward bend in yoga stretches the lower back , as well as calms the nerves . practice the half forward stretch with tips from a registered yoga instructor in this free video on yoga .
learn how to use some personal safety tips for using a power planer and get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on using tools for leveling , shaving and shaping wood in this free woodworking video .
learn how to finish an eggplant sandwich , in this free online video recipe .
hire a contractor , plumber , painter or electrician to do the remodeling work on the home . learn how to hire a contractor using the home remodeling tips from the owner of a construction company in this free video .
finding the windows product key on a manufactured pc is done by right clicking on the properties tab and looking up the general tab . find out the product key of a pc with tips from an experienced computer user in this free video on computers .
a bra is a must for any woman 's outfit . learn how to sew a bra under a dress in this free women 's fashion video .
looking for free window cleaning tips for residential window washing ? learn how to use a ladder inside your window in this free house cleaning video .
learn how to install tile roofing in this free roofing instruction video .
in photoshop , add a border by going into the layer dropdown menu and going to layer style and select stroke . create a border around a picture with tips from a portrait photographer in this free video tutorial on adobe photoshop .
if you do n't have a straight or flush you might be trying to slow play a straight . learn how to play shotgun poker from a champion poker player in this free card video .
learn what accessories are needed and how to use with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free balloon folding video clip .
learn how medication can be used for treating restless legs syndrome and its symptoms with expert medical advice in this free health care video clip .
learn how to walk down notes in a progression as you learn how to fingerpick the blues on the guitar , from a professional guitar player in this free video .
in order to improve push-up strength , it 's important to start with a nice wide stance and keep the feet down and knees down . increase push-ups until they become more difficult with help from a fitness trainer in this free video on health and staying in shape .
how to use tendrils for styling a curly hair up-do ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
whiteface clown makeup starts with a white base . learn how to use whiteface when applying clown makeup in this free instructional video .
flange guitar effects are great for almost any kind of music . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
when training for an off-road triathlon , build an endurance run to build the volume of the run . train for the triathlon run with tips from professional triathlete in this free iron man video .
this song begins on f and goes down to an a note . learn how to play notes on the shakuhachi flute in this free video music lesson from a master of the japanese flute .
the tool rest should level with the drive and tail centers . learn how to center a blank from a woodturning expert in this free crafts video .
the ussra is the umbrella organization for squash in america . learn about squash organization , coaching clinics , and squash drills in this free video from a squash instructor .
there are several zooming options in garage band that are available to help you manipulate the audio files within the track . learn tips on how to do this from a recording expert in this free video clip .
learn how to do stretches in this free video series on advanced cheerleading moves .
strengthen leg muscles with develope exercises . learn to warm-up for modern dancing with developes in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
learn how to secure a knot on a silk pendant with expert jewelry design tips in this free crafts video clip .
having a difficult time finding the right position is very important in racquetball . here is a free video to help you become a better player .
squash book squares are cut to coordinate with creases on the squares . learn how to make a squash book in this free video .
learn how to use mimic to create poser software characters that talk with expert 3d animation and rendering tips in this free software tutorial video .
when using a power drill , always wear safety gear and keep the bit on the end of the drill . use power drills with tips from an experienced handyman in this free video on home remodeling supplies .
the toggle clasp on an id badge holder can be used as a regular necklace , as well as as a button holder . make sure the toggle clasp is centered within the beaded badge with great tips from an experienced jewelry maker in this free video on beaded jewelry .
samurai ausiwaga reaping throws are easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
learn how to choose snow tire type and type with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
becoming a physician is a long process requiring at least 11 years of education and training in a competitive career path . find out about becoming a physician with tips from a medical administrator in this free video on career information .
combine all of the ingredients for mac and cheese and bake a berry topping . bake berry crispies with tips from a professional baker in this free dessert recipe video .
learn how to mix the icing for a princess cake in this free cake decorating video about how to make princess icing .
properly pausing the clock , in tai chi , is a great way to stay present without interrupting the process . learn more about continuity without interruption from an authentic teacher in this free video .
chest flies work the major pectorals . learn how to do chest flies with tips from a certified trainer in this free exercise video .
learn how to fold a hood sweater to avoid wrinkles with expert step-by-step instruction in this free laundry folding video .
how to sew the bottoms of a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
when car maintenance , it is important to start with the front of the car to prevent the jack from sliding under the brake line . support a car front end with tips from an automotive repair specialist in this free video on car maintenance .
blacksmithing is a character profession in `` world of warcraft '' . get expert tips and advice on video and computer games in this free video .
do n't damage a wet book when drying it . learn how to dry wet books from a bibliophile in this free book related video series from a longtime bookstore buyer .
the side undulation in belly dancing should involve contracting the front of the body and back . learn more about belly dance side undulations with tips from a professional dancer in this free dance lesson video .
rewarding parrots with positive reinforcement and punishment is rewarding , and learn how to train parrots in this free pet care video about training parrots .
in skateboarding , the ollie , the shoveit and the 180 are the base of all three tricks . practice basic skateboarding tricks with tips from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
how to play the `` distorting mirrors '' improv game . learn how to practice improv with games , warm ups , and exercises in this free acting video .
a flight instructor manages several tasks at once while carrying passengers , cargo or students . learn the job description of a flight instructor from an expert in this free video on a career in aviation .
learn how to jump into a bmx abubaka with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
play r & b drum shuffles with multiple time signature combinations with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
it 's important to determine if you have trouble falling asleep . learn how to diagnose sleep problems with blood sugars and herbal supplements in this free health clip from registered dietitian .
learn how to juggle two clubs with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling lesson video .
a symphony conductor must know how to conduct in 6/4 time . learn about ways in which conductors communicate with orchestra members in this free conducting lesson from an experienced conductor .
organic parsley should be stored in an organic paper towel to absorb any excess moisture . learn more about storing organic parsley with tips from an organic gardener in this free gardening video .
a snowboard nollie is the total opposite of an ollie . get tips on how to do a goofie from a seasoned snowboarder in this free video .
learn how to make a snap as the center in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
acupuncture on bladder 15 is often used to treat depression symptoms of depression . learn how to trigger bladder 15 with tips from an acupuncturist in this free traditional chinese medicine video .
learn how to clear the spine for a bmx nose pick with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
the double spiral is a great dance maneuver to include when performing on the dance floor . find out more about the double spiral from a professional dance instructor in this free video .
how to blend paint colors when painting pottery . learn about artwork , painting , and creativity when working with ceramics or clay .
learn how to plant a japanese garden stake in this free gardening video clip .
in the yoga lateral angle pose , tuck the shoulders and twist the back . learn to twist the torso in the lateral angle yoga pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
learn to play 12/8ths african drum patterns with two bass drums and conga off the beat . free video drum lessons featuring a professional drummer and drum teacher !
learning where to store an electric hand drill is easy with these tips , get expert advice on car repair and electric hand drills in this free video .
how to do the seasick trick with your yo-yo in this free yo -yo video .
discover how to use stone sharpens tools in this free how-to video .
play slow latin music clave accent beats on tom-tom drums with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
cleaning screens on a bathroom is very difficult . clean bathroom screens with tips from a former housecleaning business owner and operator in this free video on housekeeping .
faucets work by changing the temperature in and out of the cylinder , using a sprayer to separate the hot and cold water and an allen wrench to remove the handle . discover how a faucet is attached to a separate cylinder with video from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free
so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on the various types of guitar tuners .
using oil stains on a deck makes the stain easier to work with , and it gives the deck a nice finish . discover how to stain a deck with oil using the tips in this free video on home repair .
give compliments to the student who is doing the right thing . learn how to manage a college classroom by offering constructive criticism from a professional speaker and communications instructor in this free video .
need to repair your car 's suspension knuckle ? learn how to remove knuckles with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
learn how to get started in car racing with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free nhra racing video clip .
learn how to make rabbit ear folds for an origami triangle with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
 compensate for sitting position and arc swing in adaptive golf . learn tips on how to adapt and adjust your game from an expert in this free video clip .
the keyboard basics for new orleans music include a chromatic approach to different chords and introductions . learn about basic keyboard basics with tips from a crescent city resident in this free video onleans music .
the two most common techniques in foot reflexology are finger walking and thumb walking . discover different massage techniques with information from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on foot health .
practicing proper breathing techniques in yoga improves digestion and elimination . learn to breathe correctly in yoga in this free hatha yoga video .
interested in increasing your friend 's indifference in sign language ? learn how to do sign language related to describing people and describing them in this free education video .
learn how to make homemade valentine 's gifts from a professional art teacher in this free video about making unique kids gifts .
this dark world card deals 1000 life points . learn tips for playing the dark world yugi oh card in this free yugioh lesson from a strategy and rpg game teacher
carry the wood turning tool so that it faces up towards the ceiling when hollowing out the inside of a bowl . learn more about wood turning from a wood turning specialist in this free crafts video .
removing rust from tools is possible with chemical rust removers , which can be made with baking soda , lemon juice or vinegar . apply a light sandpaper to remove heavy and heavy surface rust with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement and maintenance .
how to sanitize brewing equipment for home brewing scottish beer ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video series .
watch as a window-cleaning professional discusses different types of squeegees in this free online video about exterior window cleaning .
creating patterns for your stained-glass project is an intricate and vital step . learn more about working with stained glass in this free video series .
a wedding videographer has evolved over the last 10-15 years . learn about wedding videography from a professional in this free wedding video .
get an explanation on how to play a high hat lift on the downbeat of beat 2 in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
in rock music drummers like to change it up and hitting a groove is a good way to do that . learn some tips from a drum expert on how to do this basic rock drum technique in this free video clip .
cross cuts in circular saws are important to make sure the saw does n't bind in the wood . learn to make cross cuts with a circular saw in this free video on woodworking from a professional builder .
get the proper ingredients needed to make apple pie and get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
when writing a contract , consider hiring an attorney to determine if the agreement is worth anything or has value . write a contract that specifies who the parties agreed to do and time frame the agreement with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal self-help .
make jeans softer by washing them more often to avoid wrinkling and softening the material . learn more about making jeans softer with tips from a fashion designer in this free video on denim jeans .
hand sprayers are used for all types of sprays . learn about the types of hand sprayers with tips from a lawn care specialist in this free lawn care video .
mashing potatoes for making caramelized onions and spinach . learn how to mash potatoes for this delicious recipe in this free recipe video .
a telescope should be displayed at star parties or other places where amateur astronomers meet and greet . discover the benefits of using telescopes in this free home astronomy equipment video from a telescope designer and manufacturer .
learn tips and techniques for mastering the side arm balance pose and advanced arm balance yoga positions and stretches in this free online video yoga class .
in submission moves , an arm bar from the guard position is very painful on an opponent who is on their back . use arm bars with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
back pain relief at last ! exercise for backache- circular exercise . find out how to counter backaches with yoga poses and exercises in these free fitness videos .
people that are petite or curvy need to wear clothing in similar color tones that will create an all-lined visual visual . wear pants that hit just above the heels to help conceal the waist with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
when conducting a bike tour , wear shoes that have a stiff outsole to help transfer as much power to the pedal as possible . make sure to wear the right cycling shoes with tips from a bicycle tour guide in this free biking video .
how to pierce the seal in the can . learn about recharging a car 's air conditioner with refrigerant in this free car maintenance video .
massage movements are used to detox and remove puffiness from the eyes . learn techniques for an eye soothing treatment from a professional aesthetician in this free health and beauty video .
scales are very important for any instrument . learn how to play scales and arpeggios on the upright bass in this acoustic bass lesson from an expert bass player .
when drawing people , start at the center of the body and move from there . draw people with tips from an illustrator in this free video on drawing and caricature art .
abstract artists often echo shapes created from their drawings . experiment with collage projects with an artist in this free video art lesson .
piano is one of the most versatile instruments that is able to set any mood . major 13th tensions are a part of that you will learn in this video .
fairies can be drawn in a variety of styles and styles , including a human skeleton , a butterfly and fantastical wings . draw fairies with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
learn basic fighting stances in kyukushin karate in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin head instructor tony capraro .
when recycling sculptured clay , try to put all the air out as much as possible to prevent air bubbles . recycle clay for sculpting with tips from an art teacher in this free video on sculpture .
learn how to add scents for soy candles with expert craft tips for making environmentally friendly , handmade soy candles .
in skateboarding , a nollie frontside 180 is when a skateboarder is riding in a switch position . learn more about the different styles of skateboarding in this free skateboarding tricks video lesson .
prescription dentist products often work better than over-the-counter products . learn more about the benefits of prescription dental products in this free dental health video from a dentist .
learn how to choose the default startup menu to optimize the functionality of a computer in this free video clip on computer organization .
keep the 4 x 5 camera holders clean and dust free of dust . learn how to clean the holders of the speed graphic large format vinyasa in this free camera lesson from a professional photographer .
allen wrenchs are quick and easy tools to use for adjusting the height of a unicycle . learn how to adjust the unicycle height on an allen wrench in this free street performer video lesson .
learn tips on how to strengthen your upper body in this free fitness video clip .
learn how to mix the chorus in a rap song in order to produce a hit rap track in this free video series that will have you creating rhythmic rap music in no time .
learn about blackjack and how to play aces in this free video clip .
how to use a water stop valve when making your own wine ; learn more about wine in this free instructional video .
learn how to attach the table leg to a table in this free carpentry and woodworking video .
walls of ceramic glaze test tiles can be any size you want . learn about opening clay walls for ceramic test tiles with tips from a potter in this free video on ceramics .
when recording vocals at home , find a place that is close by , set up microphones , a computer and lots of instruments . find a recording studio to record vocals with help from a professional musician in this free video on making music .
blood pressure is not intended to diagnose any condition or disease . learn about what blood pressure is and what it can do for you with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
exercise your back with straight leg dead lifts . discover workout tips to strengthen and tone your back in this free training video .
laminating resin makes surfboard dings easier . learn how to daminate surfboard resin in this free surfing video about how to repair a surfboard .
fight oily skin by washing the face two to three times a day with a mild cleanser . find out how to fight oily skin with tips from a beauty editor in this free video on skin care .
eye makeup tips ! learn tips for covering up false eyelashes in this free video clip about how to apply summer makeup .
learn how to watch the crowd to help a beginner comic with expert stand-up comedy tips and techniques in this free comedy lesson video .
for artichoke pesto shrimp , chop thyme to add flavor to the bread . cut thyme with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
mai thai is a fruity island inspired drink with rum and triple sec liqueur . learn to mix a mai tai with tips from an expert bartender in this free drink mixing video .
in intermediate three-ball juggling , columns are when two balls are thrown at the same time . throw columns when juggling three balls with tips from a professional juggler in this free video series on hobbies .
learn how a full car-racing season can impact your work and home life with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free nhra racing video clip .
when choosing a wedding vidoegrapher for your wedding , keep in mind that you have written down some shots that you want to have specifically done on your wedding day . learn about wedding videography from a professional in this free wedding video .
how to split a dark tea leaf for making tropical flower arrangements ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
learn how to get off your back of your bike during off road mountain bike racing in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable off-road bike racer .
the 5-3 defense in football has a strong running game and a passing game . set up the 5 -3 defense with tips from a former college football player in this free video on football .
piano is one of the most versatile instruments that is able to set any mood . major seventh tensions are a part of that you will learn in this video .
in italic calligraphy , the letter g begins with the ascenders space and moves down to the descenders space . learn how to write a lowercase g in italic hand calligraphic techniques in this free handwriting video .
a groin tear can really traumatize an attacker . learn how to do a groin tear defense technique in this free video clip from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
using a damage remedy conditioner to curl hair is a great way to create curly hairstyles . learn to use a curl booster to style hair with tips from an aveda salon instructor in this free hair care video .
learn techniques for painting and decorating sneakers in this free video clip about how to apply the first layer to your customized shoes .
in core fitness , perform the torso twist with buddha arms position to engage the shoulders and improve posture . practice this great posture position with tips from a personal trainer in this free workout video .
stretching out your lower body before dancing is a good way to increase flexibility . learn a few latin dance stretches to perform before dancing from a choreographer in this free video .
 goto mounts allow telescopes to be properly aligned with two objects in the night sky . learn about goto mounts for telescopes in this free video on home astronomy from a telescope salesperson .
a television producer 's hardest day revolves around putting their personal lives in jeopardy for a tv show . hear about this professional television producer describe his hardest day in this free video on tv careers .
proper posture is essential for a marching band to carry themselves throughout a show . learn how to stand correctly for marching band in this free music video series .
for soy and orange shrimp , add a thick curry paste over the top of the shrimp . add curried onions and broccoli with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
popcorn snowmen make great christmas decorations . learn how to add popcorn snowcorns in this free christmas decoration video .
daiginjo sake was developed in 1903 by a vertical tower milling machine that allowed brewers to start milling rice at a greater rate . find out more about daigo sake history with expert tips from a sake sommelier in this free video about types of sake .
reproducing antique clocks should not be done with an antique machine or winding it . find out how to collect antique clocks in this free video on collecting antique clocks presented by an antique clock collector .
prescription medication for xepenex should always be stored in foil . learn more about how to store prescription medication with expert tips in this free vaporized medicine video .
dressing for a pencil sketch tells a story about the individual 's personality . learn to sketch clothes for sketching from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
learn how to choose sleeping bags , foam pads and sleeping bags for a camping trip , in this free video series .
if you are both taking home home drug tests it is fairly simple to take your home sample . learn how to take home drug test results with tips from a certified medical assistant in this free health video .
snowboard mounting hardware consists of screw and tightening washer holes . find out more about mounting snowboards with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free extreme sports video .
you could have is come right out the back , but you think that 's a little more dramatic if you have it come right off the top . learn how to make mixed media rats from a professional art instructor in this free crafts video .
learn how to understand the html document and learn how to build your own website in this free computer programming video .
learn how to serve bagel crisp for bruschetta with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian recipe video clip .
to figure out the rising sign , understand that the sun sign measures six o'clock in the morning and four hours after dawn , and each house governs a set of affairs . discover the rising star with tips from an experienced astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
learn how to play the introduction of the chicago interpretation piece from a play expert in this free video series on performing classical music .
trench coats should be double-breasted , with button closures and zip-out lining . discover the best trench coats for women over 30 with tips from a fashion specialist in this free video on women 's fashion .
courbet was the founder of the 19th century art movement realism . learn more about the wrestlers at the budapest fine arts museum in this free art education and travel video from a director and tour guide at the museum .
sew a crooked smile on a baby when sewing a face . sew a crooked mouth with face painting tips from a seamstress in this free sewing video .
learn to make contact information for strangers at theme parks in this free video series that will keep your family and your kids happy , healthy and safe while visiting a theme or amusement park .
a single latte is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
how to cut eggs to make a spanish omelette ; get expert tips and advice on making traditional cuban breakfast recipes in this free cooking video .
cutting the pineapple using a serrated knife to make your skewers ; tips , tricks and cooking suggestions in this free online cooking video on ethnic food taught by an expert chef .
learn how to fold shirts to avoid wrinkles in a suitcase with expert step-by-step instruction in this free folding video clip .
confirmation pigs need to be evaluated by a judge to judge their bone structure , size and weight . learn about showing pigs at an animal show judging from an ffa member in this free animal husbandry video .
when watercolor painting a lighthouse , mix yellow and rose together and blue towards the bottom and blue to create a gray tone . learn more about painting the side of the lighthouse from a professional artist in this free painting video .
put in hair extensions by yourself by highlighting the partings , applying the extensions to the hairline , holding the extensions securely in place and inserting the natural hair extensions into the hair . secure hair extensions in place with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care and hairstyles .
the top layer of the origami fox puppet should be folded into a triangle shape . learn how to fold the top layer for an origami model in this free craft video .
learn how to shape the petals of an origami rose with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
remember the words you speak in this song so they do n't sound awkward . learn how to write a song in this free music video .
trying to memorize your dialog for your on camera audition ? watch this free video clip and learn tips from a professional casting director .
the wasp module has its own filter . learn how to adjust the range of your sounds in fl studio in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
trim the outline to let you know where you need to scratch the edges of a teapot . learn about scratch techniques with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
pro tools keyboard shortcuts are great for editing and mixing music . learn tips on how to use them in this free video clip on music recording software from a professional musician .
learn how to punch holes in a double-walled pottery teapot in this free video lesson on ceramic art .
when wood turning , start with the tool rest and start to cut downhill . start wood turning on a lathe with an experienced wood turner in this free video on wood working .
save an excel file as an html file by going to the drop down menu , choosing save as and formatting the file and clicking save as . find out how to save excel files as html with tips from an assistant certified public accountant in this free video on microsoft excel .
a convertible collar design should have the top down . learn to draw convertible collar designs with top down tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
when applying whiteface clown makeup , paint the lower lip to create a larger distance between the nose and mouth . learn more about how to apply clown makeup in this free educational video .
adding one egg at a time to a bowl is a good way to add more eggs when baking a coffee cake . learn how to add eggs in this free recipe video .
use decorative styrofoam for a puppet stage frame . learn how to attach a puppet theater frame to a box in this free crafts video from a professional puppeteer .
before shaping a surfboard , make sure to block out the deck . get tips for sanding the deck of a surfing surfboard from a professional surfboard shaper in this free surfing video .
a seated side stretch will help you wake up in the morning and energize the body . learn the seated side stretching from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
french braiding hair can be done in the middle of the hair or from the very top . french braid hair with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
adjust the output levels in photoshop in order to tweak the appearance of a photo . learn to use photoshop image presets from a professional photographer in this free photography video .
learn the full lotus ( virabhadrasana ) pose to stretch and open your hips to prepare you to put your foot behind your head , in this free yoga instruction video clip .
how to mix the margarine and sugar for making torte cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
so you want to be a great basketball player ? check out this free basketball warm up video and learn some tips from our pro .
how to smooth the surface for your clay cat sculpture ; learn tips and techniques for sculpting in this free online art lesson about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
using chop sticks is an important part of chinese etiquette . learn how to use chop sticks from an international business consultant in this free etiquette video .
learn how to coat pita bread with olive oil for pizza with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian recipe video clip .
learn the 4-4-1 juggling trick in this free juggling video .
learn what are available for vintage necklaces in this free video clip .
learn the cradle ( cradle ) pose to stretch and open your hips to prepare you to put your foot behind your head , in this free yoga instruction video clip .
learn tips on how to block for a reverse trick play in this free video clip on american football .
having kids swim with a paddle is a great way to teach children to swim in the water . teach children how to swim using a paddle for swimming with tips from a lifeguard in this free video swim lesson for kids .
how to interview guests when you are on the radio station . learn how to interview people when interviewing on a radio in this free radio station overview from an experienced radio technician .
before attaching a ceramic handle to a mug you should first dry the clay . learn how to prepare a clay mug for a handle with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
making your hair look thicker requires adding curls and teasing to create a nice volume source . create thicker hair with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
practice upright bass songs in 3-quarter time in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
use a tool such as a knife to remove rough spots from a clay teapot . learn more about shaping teapots with expert tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
set up a sample folder for html website images . learn to organize images for an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
how long does your tomato seedlings germinate ? get some tips for drying the soil for spring tomato seedling in this free gardening video .
learn from an expert how to use one of the more basic types of picture hangers in this free interior design video on techniques and tips for hanging pictures .
wear a helmet and help prevent injuries in caving ; learn to cave safely in this free video on caving ( spelunking ) and recreation .
learn how to securely bound the script for a play with expert playwriting advice in this free play production and theater video clip .
learn how to use acne cream for different types of skin types with expert skin care tips in this free beauty video clip .
a foot polish scrub is used during a foot massage to remove dead skin . learn to massage feet prior to a foot treatment with advice from a certified massage therapist in this free video on alternative medicine treatments .
learn how to remove curtains to create more space in an office to optimize the space of your computer in this free instructional video .
learn how to mix the seasonings for chicken cacciatore and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert chef karl james .
roll your attacker out of the way and get to the wrist . learn how to get out of a double wrist grab in this free video about self defense techniques for women .
an open turn is great for competitive swimmers who need to practice swimming the freestyle stroke . learn how to do an open turn in this free swimming lesson video from an expert on health and fitness .
learn how to properly acknowledge your puppet to make your puppet come alive with expert puppeteering tips in this free online performance video clip .
the boat pose , in yoga , is an excellent exercise for strengthening the abdominal muscles . perform the boat pose with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free video on yoga .
the sand wedge , in golf , is almost the work horse of your game . learn more about the sand wedge from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
learn how to make a cheesecake filling in this free cooking video on making easy vegetarian recipes and meals .
when visiting new orleans clubs , try the tipitina , which features national acts , and the french quarter , which is famous every night of the week . hear different styles of music and culture at different times of the year with tips from a crescent city resident in this free video on the city of new
learn how to approach the bmx peg wheelie with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
you can choose to make lengths and lengths as long as you want with the braid or you can stop at any time . learn how to make a braided rug from recycled jeans in this free home decor video .
cleaning up paint is one of the most important steps in painting a living room . learn to clean up paint with tips from a painting contractor in this free video on home decor .
learn how to install the front plates in this free diy garage remodel video .
how to add wine to the flour for making rabbit stew ; learn tips , tricks and more in this free cooking video about game taught by an expert chef .
sinking into the ground with hips , stretch the arms and back muscles when performing zen yoga side stretches . learn to do side stretches with tips from the founder of zin yoga in this free yoga lesson video .
when making clay sculpture , the first step is to cut even slabs . carve a clay sculpture with clay with an award-winning sculptor in this free video art lesson on sculpture .
watch child and infant safety car seat tips and learn about the various types of car car seats in this free video on child safety seats .
mfta can give to performance art groups for free if they register as an artist . learn to give money to performance artists in this free conceptual art video .
the basic materials for a woolly bugger are a hook , marabou , turkey feathers , black chenille and a hackle plier . learn more about woollygger materials from an expert in this free craft video .
the highest value of any die side is the ace . learn about hand rankings in poker dice in this free dice games video from a successful poker player .
the ergonomic purpose of raised garden beds is to keep the earth in tact and healthy . farm and care for plants correctly and safely with tips from an experienced farmer in this free video .
sometimes dryness can be caused by an iron deficiency according to chinese medicine . learn how to trigger the spleen six for dryness symptoms of iron deficiency with tips from an acupuncturist in this free alternative medicine video .
the southern gin cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
watch an expert martial artist explain the strength and flexibility you need to perform this move in this free video clip .
spindle boxes are a great way for children to learn visual skills . learn how montessori teaches the basics of spindle boxes in this free educational video clip about visual skills for children .
learn how to analyze the workmanship of model cars in this free video series that will keep your party guests entertained and thinking on their feet .
as you tan the inside of your legs it is important to avoid over sprays . learn how to spray inside your legs with tips from a beautician in this free sunless tanning video .
when packing for a day hike , always have a small back pack that 's comfortable , a warm layer of water , a water bottle or hydration system , a first aid kit , a lighter and pocket knife , sunscreen , a map and a compass . pack for a potential day hike with tips from a back
blend resin over surfboard glass to test the color . learn how to blend resin with tips from a surfboard repair specialist in this free video on surfboards .
what 's the best way to iron clothes ? learn about ironing clothes and other tips on laundry and clothing care in this free video .
learn about the fitting collar for your dog in this free pet care video .
when laying down sod in the wintertime , make sure that at least two inches of compost or potting soil above the clay , sand or whatever it has underneath it . lay down sod for the best results with tips from an experienced gardener in this free video on planting flowers and gardening .
the extreme angle volley in tennis forces you to turn and hit the ball from the side . learn how to play beginner tennis from our expert instructor in this free sports video .
how to assemble a box with wood biscuits ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on making a woodworking project in this free instructional video .
a cameraman 's sound package includes a mixer and transmitter . learn about sound package for the sound person from a professional photographer and producer in this free video on careers .
learn how to fold the tail of an origami cat with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
use hot sauce instead of cayenne because it has a sweeter flavor and is easier to regulate . add hot sauce for soy and ginger salsa with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
a finger jib is used to make wooden boxes . learn how to make a finger jig from a woodworking expert in this free crafts video .
in pilates , elongate the legs all the way out and pull the junk out of the trunk to perform the spine stretch forward exercise . stretch the spine muscles with tips from a professional pilates instructor in this free fitness video .
shape a ceramic cylinder by pulling the walls up into a ring shape . learn how to shape a cylinder with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
dog leash training keeps your dog on a leash and not pulling you . learn how to train your dog to not pull you from a leash in this free dog training video .
there are two types of bone proteins . learn how blood and prp work as a form of blood protein with tips from a medical expert in this free alternative medicine video clip .
how to pick a clay pot for house plants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for indoor plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
racking the balls in billiards is easy with these tips , get expert advice on pool and 8 ball in this free video .
in feng shui , a solid headboard contributes to love in the bedroom . learn more about improving love in bedrooms with interior design tips in this free interior design video .
a stay command can be used to keep a dog from entering certain areas . learn how to use the stay command in this free video on dog training .
doing weight-training for skiers requires strengthening the quadriceps , hamstrings , calves , glutes and core muscles . discover how to do lateral bosu ball bound weight training with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video about weight-caring programs .
learn how to do an arm swing exercise to warm-up for a back handspring on the floor in this free instructional video on doing back handsprings .
learn how to reinstall the wheel after replacing your shocks with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
a spinning top is a slightly more advanced origami model that is fun to create anywhere . learn tips from an origami expert on how to fold this base in this free video clip .
johann sebastian bach was an orchestral composer who wrote a wide variety of pieces for the violin . learn more about the works of johann usbastien bach with tips from the owner of a violin shop in this free music theory video .
learn from our expert how to add the sofrito to the arroz con pollo recipe in this free cooking recipes video on combining spanish chicken and rice .
in windows , sticky keys are a function that was added by microsoft for accessibility . turn on sticky keys on a computer with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
use a 12 inch ruler for sewing piping to avoid marks on the fabric . gather supplies for piping with tips from an experienced seamstress in this free sewing video .
supplies for sculpting a duck decoy include gray clay , water-based clay and plastic . learn what other supplies are needed for clay sculpting with tips from an artist in this free art lesson video .
how to plate falafel ; learn more about traditional greek food in this free cooking video .
make sure that you 're cutting the paper pretty straight , pretty even . learn how to make a paper dragonfly in this free crafts video .
tips for defensive end . learn how to stay at home on plays that go the opposite direction with expert tips and advice on the defensive end position in this free video clip on football .
understanding click tracks on 4-track , including how to use the metronome , is easy with these tips , get expert advice on rhythm and beats in this free video .
when performing a power flow yoga pose , extend one leg out and bring the other foot into the inner thigh to cool down the muscles . cool down after a run with tips from a fitness instructor in this free video on exercising .
how to pick the right headphones for dj equipment ; get expert tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
the mid layer is a layer of clothing that holds you in the body . check out the backpacking gear in this free video on camping and hiking .
kickboxers combine a front kick , rear leg round kick and spinning side kick to defeat opponents . learn how to do this attack combo in this free martial arts video .
when learning to juggle four balls in one hand , keep the balls in columns at the sides . practice the column juggling trick in this instructional free video on juggling .
use indigo to establish shadows in pastel painting . learn how to paint shadows with pastel paint in this free painting lesson from an art instructor .
learn how to do basic steps with a partner when dancing the mambo in this free video dance lesson .
leprechauns are often seen wearing green shirts . choose a green shirt for a leprechuaun costume with tips from a makeup artist in this free video on making costumes .
what causes a child to lose control ? learn how to teach and understand the behavior of children in this free video on parenting and education .
it is a game that takes a lot of practice to achieve competence . learn how to improve your tennis game , from our tennis expert , in this free video lesson .
learn how to install drawer fronts in a dresser in this free diy woodworking video .
make popular holiday drinks for yourself , family , and friends ! learn how to make this frosty egg nog drink recipe with expert tips in this free video .
learn how to do the foot work called cc in this free video clip .
when making and sewing slippers , use artificial silk flowers to create a unique flower to give to a loved one . learn more about creating flowers to make custom slippers with tips from a fashion designer in this free video on style .
with water , you can see more of the outline of your cyanotype . learn more about tracing and watercolors in this free photography video about how to make cyanotype prints .
a great variation of a lip slide on a quarter pipe is doing nollie lipslides on the coping . learn how to do a skateboard front side lipslide on a coping in this free skateboarding video from a sponsored skateboarder .
when warming up with a barbell , load the bar with medium weight and start doing dead lifts . warm up with barbell with tips from a professional trainer in this free video on personal fitness .
trying to learn ninjutsu techniques ? watch this free video clip and learn how to do the ninja throat strike in this free self defense video .
cleaning excess clay will allow you to extend the piece of your ceramic piece . learn how to remove excess clay with expert tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
firefighters use nylon webbing to tie hoses to a victim 's limbs , legs and arms . see gear , such as nylon webbeds , firefighters use and find out how they use webbing in this free video on firefighting gear uses .
restorative yoga is great for women who are pregnant . learn about the benefits of restorative yoga from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
small spring flowers fill in spaces in a centerpiece . learn about adding small spring flowers in a spring flower arrangement in this free floral arrangement video .
learn how to do abdominal exercises on an inversion table workout with expert tips and advice on exercise from a fitness expert in this free health and fitness video .
learn fashion tips for plus size women in this free video clip about gowns for full figured women .
plumb lines are an important part of completing a vinyl fence post . learn how to plumb a post with tips from a certified physical therapist in this free home improvement video .
remember to mark the area where you want your logo to be . learn how to apply vehicle decals and graphics from a professional in this free automotive video .
the absolute value of a number is its distance from zero disregarding whether it 's to the left or to the right . solve absolute value equations with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
cross picking is a common technique to use on the mandolin . learn tips on how to do this technique correctly from a mandolin player in this free video clip .
the first thing to know when writing a bibliography is the type of citation system . learn to write a college research bibliography that focuses on the author , title , place of publication and publisher with tips from an english professor in this free research video .
learn to make a paper balloon in this free video on pop-up gifts and cards . .
masks are a creative way for kids to play . learn how to cut a paper dragonfly mask in this free video clip about easy craft masks .
learn about checking the structure of an airplane in this free how to fly video .
the object of billiards is to sink your stripes first . get expert tips and advice on pool and 8 ball in this free video .
learn to play 12/8ths african drum patterns with the bass drum and conga off the beat then on the beat . free video drum lessons featuring a professional drummer and drum teacher !
the tree pose in chair yoga is a great exercise for enhancing balance as well as increasing stability . learn more about how to perform the tree pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
use black paint sparingly in a watercolor painting of seascapes . find out how to use black paint to paint an ocean scene in this free video .
learn chinese horizontal hook character strokes with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language teacher in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
how to draw the basic pattern for a stuffed animal in this free video lesson taught by an expert .
here are some useful tips on playing keyboards as a band in rock music in this free video clip .
when buying a chainsaw , purchase a model with longer blades , more teeth and some sort of seasonal trimming experience . buy a chainsaws with tips from an experienced handyman in this free video on home remodeling supplies .
gesso provides a nice surface to paint on top of with acrylic paints . stretch and prepare a canvas for painting with gesso from a professional artist in this free video .
asian food can be some of the best for you . learn about the ingredients to make green peas in this free video clip on healthy asian recipes .
remember to stay on the ball of the foot when doing the irish tap step . learn how to do irish steps in tap dancing in this free video lesson from a dance teacher .
enjoying the christmas traditions in denmark is easy with these tips , get expert advice on christmas activities in this free video .
learn how to make a creative pop-up heart card from scratch in this free video .
the locust to down dog yoga sequence will generate energy and energy throughout the body . learn how to do the locust and down dog poses for energy with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
keep track bused out in logic pro . learn how to adjust your mix using logic pro 8 software in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
learn how to draw cartoon animals including a horse , bear and turtle with expert cartoon drawing tips in this free online art instruction video clip .
using a router to make a bookcase is a fun way to finish your bookcase . learn how to router a wood bookcase from a woodworker in this free home carpentry video .
bubbles form on wood furniture . learn about fixing scratches in wood furniture in this free woodworking video .
crossing a soccer ball can be a fun and easy way to attack another team . cross a teammate in soccer with tips from a soccer coach in this free video on soccer .
hide thick arms by wearing clothes that hit in the top part of the arm to camouflage the fact that the shoulders and upper arms are such an issue . wear clothing that closely camouflage thick arms to help conceal the problem with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
how to play the first part of `` come together '' by john lennon on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
learn how to train your dogs to be the dominate one in this free pet obedience video about the importance of being calm with your dogs , taught by an expert dog trainer .
the healthy way to serve a healthy guacamole is by eating at least five servings of fruits and vegetables every day . find out more about eating healthy with healthy avocados in this free video clip on healthy eating .
the glute bridge is a great exercise to do after working out the whole body . learn to do the weekend warrior workout in this free exercise and fitness video .
when playing the c major scale on the saxophone , remember that the d is the root of the e flat scale . play a c minor scale on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
use sandpaper textures to help children learn numbers on a piece of paper . learn how to use sand paper for using numbers in this free educational video about montessori counting methods .
the catch and penalty kick is different , get expert tips and advice on soccer rules , moves , and skills in this free video .
play the blues drum boogie shuffle with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on percussion instruments .
toggle between wave trigger and sustain . learn how to use sustain in ultrabeat using logic 8 in this free music software video from a music studio owner and producer .
shadowing the face . learn how to apply old age makeup to make someone look like an elderly person with tips and techniques from this free video .
learn how to play and practice math bingo for practice with expert teaching tips in this free online bingo games video clip .
the most common problem with partial dentures is it is they are too loose . learn how to prevent other partial denture problems from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
what is the beastie rap game in improv ? learn how to play improv games in this free video .
how to play a french drum cymbal ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on music theory and playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
keep your camera up to date . learn how to change camera views in adobe after effects software in this free canon photography lesson .
playing mandolin scales is easy with these finger pattern tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
aikido is a martial art that uses your opponent 's momentum to maintain your center line by turning them and drop them to the ground . watch this free video clip and learn how to do the ikkyo technique as a martial arts expert .
when watercolor painting an orchid , let the paint dry in order to get a hard edge . learn more about painting the edges of the orchid from a professional artist in this free painting video .
how to use a jump rope mat for jump rope training . learn about the equipment for boxing , steps , and movements in this free training video for boxers .
portrait mode on the canon eos 40d digital slr camera automatically adjusts the aperture . learn more about portrait modes of the canon xh a1 video camera in this free canon photography lesson .
how to remove moisture to condition your hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn how compression is used in recording music with home recording studio equipment . get tips on how to direct a recording session in this free video .
to be a great violinist you need more than just scales . here is a free video clip on the 6th degree of an g harmonic minor violin scale .
teach your kids how to defend against the double wrist grab attack and other kidnapping techniques . learn how to counter it first from a martial arts expert in this free video clip then show your kids .
how to title your home movies to dvd for your family reunion in this free home movie video .
learn how to cut celery to cook cajun recipe crawfish etouffee in this free online video lesson .
create more natural eyes when painting a girl using watercolors . learn more about creating a more natural eye for a girl watercolor painting from a professional artist in this free painting video .
the pressing block in praying mantis style is done with an open hand . learn how to do prayingmantis kung fu pressing blocks in this free martial arts video from a black belt instructor .
the linen tuxedo suit will be a two button , two-inch suit with a short side vent . learn more about tuxedos and linen suits from an image consultant in this free tiling video .
increase your workout with side stepping lunges and overhead shoulder presses . learn how to do this exercise in this free fitness video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
create strong abdominal muscles and legs after having three babies . learn about the benefits of body sculpting for pregnant mothers in this free fitness video .
learn how to be featured on a rap record and get professional tips and advice from an expert on creating rap music in this free video .
how to use a curling iron for styling a curly hair up-do ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn about flexible hapkido martial arts weapons in this free martial arts video from our expert master david herbert .
proper nutrition is important for your baby 's health . learn how to keep your baby healthy throughout their diet in this free health clip from registered dietitian .
link juggling tricks to create a short routine . learn to combine juggling tricks when juggling three balls in this free hobbies video .
when power sanding a bowl , be sure to inspect the bowl before moving on to the next grit . learn more about inspecting a bowl from a woodturning specialist in this free crafts video .
learn how to prepare your legs before shaving with expert grooming tips in this free hair removal video clip .
in order to diagnose a coolant system problem , it 's important to check the temperature of the engine and if the radiator is blocked from corrosion . check a cooling system 's in-in hose and out hose properly with help from an auto mechanic in this free video on car repair and diagnostics .
how to wet clay for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
eyelash tinting is a cosmetic procedure that involves seeking a professional to cleanse and clean the area of the eye , and involves applying vegetable dyes to protect the eyes and applying a processor or developer to the eyelashes . dye colored eyelashes with information from an experienced cosmetologist in this free video
perform the cross strike technique in kung fu by lifting the leg and twisting the staff across the body . get bo staff technique tips for doing a cross strike in this free video on bo staff techniques .
to change a flat tire , undo the valve stem , remove the valve cap and let most of the air out . fix a flat bike with tips from a bicycle mechanic in this free video on bike maintenance and repairs .
expert teacher demonstrates how to use a book to teach a child to read and ask what they know in this free child-development video series .
the rainbow kick is a soccer move that 's used to flick the ball over your head , get expert tips and advice on soccer in this free video .
learn about the proper push pull technique for pistol shooting stance and how to shoot hand guns in this free handgun and firearms video series .
learn how to add wine to make picadillo con arroz with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
playing guitar using sweep picking is a great way to spice up your musical sound . learn some tips for playing in the key of b minor from a seasoned musician in this free guitar video .
by using a fan brush , you 'll create specific strokes and effects for wall mural painting ; learn this and more in this free online painting video about wall murals taught by expert artist ian loveall .
when drilling a hole in wood , be sure to get a firm grip , push down on the trigger and pull the trigger . drill holes in wood with tips from a construction specialist in this free video on home repair and maintenance .
pink lemonade is an alcoholic mixed drink that contains vodka , cranberry juice and lemon juice served in a highball glass . create this colorful beverage with tips from a bartender in this free video on bartending drinks .
wine and cheese pairings go great together because of the high levels of fat and protein . learn how to pair wine and cheese from a professional writer , speaker and sommelier in this free culinary video .
in rock music drummers like to change it up and hitting a bass drum on the and of three is a good way to do that . learn some tips from a drum expert on how to do this basic rock drum technique in this free video clip .
stage presence is vital to any performance . learn how to bring emotion to every performance with this free video lesson on having confidence and stage presence as a performer .
learn how to use the whalebone glider artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
push-up weight lifting exercises work out the triceps , back , chest and chest . strengthen the upper body with push-up exercises with tips from a personal trainer in this free weight lifting video .
learn how to correctly and quickly read a half bend on guitar tabs in this free video series that will have you fluently reading guitar tab in no time .
the basic pieces of a hookah are the base , the filter , the shaft and the shaft . discover hookah basic pieces with tips from a bar owner in this free video on hookah smoking .
reading a guitar chord chart is an easy way to learn to read music . learn more about reading guitar chord charts in this free video clip on beginning guitar lessons .
in jujitsu , finish a street fight with punches , full shoulder rotation and an outer reap combination to finish with an arm bear . execute this explosive move with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jejitsu .
belly dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn how to do the press down move in this free video clip on egyptian dancing .
how to prepare your skin for a dramatic makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
the purl continental style knitting stitch begins by placing the yarn in the left hand , stepping right needle through the loop and then pulling the old stitch off the left needle . begin the purlcontinental style stitch with the right and left stitches with instructions from an experienced knitter in this free video on knitting .
one count of a great pep rally dance is the back shake . learn part of an all-star cheerleading routine from a national champion cheerleader in this free video .
install a custom air intake on your car with the right tools ; learn how from our expert mechanic in this free auto-maintenance video .
before cutting glass for a glass mosaic project , make sure the light table has no fractured pieces of glass . learn how to cut glass to start a clay mosaic project in this free video on art .
adjust the intensity and axis of lights in after effects . learn how to create lights using adobe after effects software in this free video editing tutorial from a film production professor .
learn how to greet people on the phone in japanese with tips from a specialist in this free online foreign language video clip .
antonio lucio vivaldi was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play line eleven of this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video .
how to play sharps and flats for jazz piano in the key of gb minor ; learn this and more in this free online jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
watch and learn some great tips on how to attach some fly tying thread from our expert in this free how-to video on fly tying tips and techniques .
playing the object of the game is to get another six . learn how to play craps without missing the point in this free gaming video .
learn how to neutralize the bumper before painting with expert painting tips in this free online car repair video clip .
irrit iron deficiency is the leading cause of restless legs syndrome and can be a primary symptom of the disorder . learn more about restless legs syndromes with tips from an acupuncturist and nutritionist in this free health video .
the back of a shirt is the largest part of an shirt and should be ironed on with water . find out how to iron pleats in a shirt in this free clothing care video .
make sure your dog is in tune before you try dog tricks . learn about preparation for dog trick training with tips from a professional dog trainer in this free pet care video .
the eight directions in tai chi are based on a grid on the ground below you . learn about these directions from a professional taiwanism instructor in this free martial arts video .
learn about alcohol and how it can affect menopause symptoms in this free medical video .
in order to erase everything from a computer , the best way to reformat and reinstall the operating system is on a recovery disk or the original operating system . use the windows xp software program when optimizing a computer with tips from an it and computer specialist in this free video on computer maintenance .
frisbee players can do a brush off of practically any part of their body . learn how to do freestyle frisbee arm brushes from a world champion in this free sports video .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
learn how to create smooth painting strokes with your paint brush in this free video clip .
how to use channel volume with dj equipment ; get professional tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
learn how to add crawfish to cook cajun recipe crawfish etouffee in this free online video lesson .
try not to ollie a small line when doing a skateboard trick . learn how to do a small oillie from an experienced skateboarder in this free skateboarding video .
throwing a change-up in baseball is done by gripping the ball in the back of the hand and throwing the smaller fingers to slow it down . change up a baseball with tips from a former major league baseball pitcher in this free video on baseball .
exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . here is a free video on bosu ball knee crunches to help you in your operation fit !
the second waiting move in the senegalese sabar ras dancing is a twisty foot move where the feet turn inward and the hip inward on each leg . practice a ras waiting move with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video on dancing .
in women 's self-defense , a bong sau attack brings the knee up to the elbow and strikes behind the knee . get out of a knife attack with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on kung fu .
there are many advantages to organic gardening , such as not using chemicals and pesticides on plants and animals . learn more about the disadvantages of organic gardening from a professional gardener in this free video .
learn how to absorb and compress excess water from the inside of a cappuccino mug in this free ceramics video lesson .
learn how to add backing for christmas tree angels in this free homemade ornament video from a christmas crafts expert .
there are several different portrait poses ; learn beginners ' photography techniques with pro tips in this free video on taking perfect photographs .
you can choose between name brand and off-name car stereo amplifiers . learn tips for picking out the right car stereo amplifier in this free auto electronics video .
what 's the best way to digest a meal ? learn how to shop for healthy foods to improve your diet and nutrition in this free video .
watch and learn from an expert how to do a lunge lower body exercise in this free fitness video on lower body cross training exercises .
in order to be a vfr pilot , a pilot must be authorized to fly in low clouds . learn about visual flight rules in this free video .
scraping a head sculpture creates more shape and form . carve a head out of wax with a professional sculptor in this free video sculpting lesson .
when buying a computer , consider the features of the computer and the compatibility of the system . buy a computer with tips from a computer in this free video on computers .
pilates is one of the most popular workouts in the world today . learn tips on the roll over exercise for your workout in this free video clip .
when bike riding , accessories such as computers help make riding more enjoyable . learn accessories for your bike in this free cycling advice video from a bike consultant at a renowned bicycle shop .
easy potpourri gifts for friends and family ! learn how to dry rose petals with expert tips on making fragrant tea in this free video clip .
learn about knowing the staggered rules for the 800m sprint with expert tips and advice in this free instructional video on running and training for the 400m sprint .
after a double jump in senegalese sabar naari gorong dancing , shuffle backwards to fill in the rhythm . find out how to shuffle and string pull with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video on dancing .
do n't limit yourself to the simple balloon flower . learn how to make an apple tie flower in this free childrens party entertainment video from an expert on twisting and folding balloon animals .
learn how to sew down the top ribbon for scrapbooking in this free video on home crafts .
learn how to care for cactus succulent plants with expert tips in this free online plant care video clip .
the casino cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
a rocking motion in yoga massage will help the back release . learn how to use a rocking motion with tips from a yoga expert in this free massage video .
adding orange to skin tones in a watercolor drawing is a great way to add depth and dimension to your drawing . learn how to add orange to the skin tones on a bowl in this free art lesson video .
remember when you first get a dog . learn about the importance of knowing when you 're going to buy a dog in this free pet care video .
 clarity is important for diamond diamonds . learn all about diamond clarity in this free diamond video .
learn what supplies you need for a witchcraft ceremony in this free witchcraft for beginners video clip .
links on web pages often have an ugly border . code button borders on an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
to pierce a naval , be done by a licensed piercer , clean the hands , make sure all utensils are sterilized and make a mark of where the piercing will go . avoid infection when prying a naval with tips from a piercer in this free video on body modification .
the fruity loops delay menu allows you to change the resolution of your playable area . learn more about using the delay menu in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruited loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
massage techniques for a facial relaxes the face and promotes relaxation . learn techniques for facial massage with expertise from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
spring air mattresses are the most popular brands on the marketplace with the four seasons being the best . find out more about innerspring mattresses with tips from the owner of a mattress store in this free video on how to buy a mattress .
create a new e-mail template in outlook 2007 by going to the `` office '' menu , selecting the `` user templates '' option in the file system and choosing a file name . find out how to select a template for e-mails with tips from an internet business consultant in this free video on internet tools and
create a beach scene for your kids with watercolors . learn how to paint a decoy saying in this free arts and crafts video .
women should weight train to fight diseases like osteoporosis and osteoarthritis , which can be prevented through weight-training exercises . discover how to weight train for woman with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercising video .
learn the basic step for salsa mia for beginners in this free instructional video on beginning latin dance .
learn about transferring pins for cloth grocery bags with expert crafting tips from an expert clothes designer in this green living and recycling video clip .
glue rhinestones to clothing carefully ; learn to embellish t-shirts and sweatshirts with jewels , plastic jewels and gems , in this free video .
how to hand sand ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sanding for wood furniture and other carpentry in this free home improvement video .
when designing and making bracelets , measure the material before cutting it . design and create unique bracelets with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
when sauteing potatoes , make sure to cover the bottom and a little bit up on the sides . find out how to peel potatoes with cooking tips from a chef in this free video recipe .
a fresh head of broccoli needs to be really green , with a little green color around the edges . learn about picking out broccoli at a grocery store or supermarket in this free video on fresh produce and vegetables .
under the leg , in freestyle frisbee , is a great throw to utilize when trying to generate a lot of spin . learn more about the under the leg grip from a world champion in this free sports video series .
learn how to use a light box to transfer photos in this free instructional video art lesson
pro tools tdm has a highlighting tool that can be used to erase any midi notes within a track . adjust midi editing settings of tdm with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
learn about open a slide guitar technique in this free dobro guitar video .
use a finder scope on the eyepiece of a telescope to help locate specific objects . learn to use finder scopes for a telescope in this free home astronomy video from a telescope salesperson .
learn how to cream the eggs with the sugar when making mocha filled wonder cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
a right-hander 's right hand at the base of a golf club and left hand at top of the club . discover the different grips to use to grip a golf ball with tips from a golf instructor in this free video on golf .
transitioning into a spinal extension in yoga is challenging for the back and hip muscles . learn transitions in intermediate core flow vinyasa yoga from an instructor in this free yoga video .
looking for a stability ball workout ? learn how to do double crunches in this free video clip from a personal trainer .
using a foam roll is a great way to reduce shoulder pain . learn more about foam roll techniques for shoulder pain with tips from a fitness instructor in this free video on muscle pain and shoulder impingement .
muscle mass is not easily done and requires a lot of effort . build lean muscle mass with tips from a fitness director in this free video on healthy exercise .
fleas can come from outside of the home , and it could be a potential flea carrier , a new animal that comes into the house through contact with outside sources . identify the signs of fleas with tips from a pet industry specialist in this free video on fleas and pest control .
how to dust loose powder for natural mineral makeup ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
snowboard types include half pipe and alpine boards . discover more about snowboard types with tips from a snowboarding instructor in this free extreme sports video .
learn how to prepare the bacon for this smothered chicken with maque choux casserole in this free cooking video from our cajun expert .
after you 've done a spray tan it 's important to clean up your hands and workspace . learn more about cleaning up after spray tans with tips from a beautician in this free sunless tanning video .
when playing the saxophone , the a blues scale has a chromatic movement that is characteristic of the blues . play a saxophone blues scale with tips from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
when massaging the trapezius muscles , use rolling motions and pull apart the fibers . learn how to massage trapezuis muscles correctly from a masseur in this free massage video .
learn from our expert about the ingredients you need for making a cookie tree in this free recipe video on making your own holiday cookie tree .
how to touch up nighttime makeup for applying night time makeup ; get professional tips and advice on applying evening makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
looking for new dance moves ? learn how to dance the brazilian samba forro in this free video lesson .
eyebrow waxing costs vary based on the type of service the waxing facility uses . determine the cost of eyebrow waxing at a salon , salon , or spa by watching this free waxing and grooming video from an experienced hair stylist .
playing tight is a good way to drive home the point of five-card draw . learn how to play skinny poker in this free gaming video .
to determine if muscle or fat is located in the body , use body fat caliber to measure body fat percentage and use a variety of physical tools to test the area . find out how to check body fat measurements with tips from an experienced fitness and exercise guru in this free video on exercising .
how to set up a dj mixer ; get professional tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables to dj for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
how to check the type of jeans you want to buy online ; get expert tips and advice on shopping for clothes on the internet in this free shopping video .
teach your children from home ; learn how to begin homeschooling in this free home schooling video from an experienced teacher and education curriculum expert .
the ahhh sample is one of the most common samples . learn how to scratch with samples in this free dj scratching video lesson from a experienced disk jockey and music teacher .
a crane card is a more advanced origami model that is fun to create anywhere . learn tips from an origami expert on how to fold this model in this free video clip .
glue sticks provide quick adhesions to collage pieces . use glue sticks for collage with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
learn about muscle response testing in this free video clip .
potting an orchid is similar to potting soil . learn how to pot orchids in this free gardening video clip .
want to make your own t-shirt ? learn tips for making the first stencil in this free video clip about easy tshirt designs .
understand how to properly wash a baby 's genitals in this free video on baby care , health and safety .
learn how to give a professional spa manicure in this free online instructional video series , including how to nip cuticles .
learn how much a barbie doll is worth in this free toy collecting video .
playing mandolin scales is easy with these finger pattern tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
in kung fu , twist the body and stab spearing with the foot when performing the inside crescent kick and spear kick combination . execute this fighting combo with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
installing trailer lighting requires a magnetic tray , terminal pliers , heavy duty nylon zip ties , waterproof type butt connectors and a hardware kit . learn how to install trailer lighting with tips from a certified mechanic in this free video on automotive maintenance .
learn how to stretch fingers with massage therapy using expert tips on massages in this free online video clip .
it 's important to dress warm based on conditions just like any adaptive skier . learn some tips for dressing for adaptive sports from an expert winter sports instructor in this free video .
adding seasoning to prepare the ground beef and onions ; learn this and more tips and preparation tips in this free online cooking video from chef donn ovshak , expert chef !
drab leaves , plants , containers and more ! learn how to add glitter to houseplants in this free gardening and green thumb video .
learn how to identify the types of model cars you 'll find in this free video series that will having you building pristine model cars in no time .
circular saws are also known as skill saws and are great tool for cutting across a line . learn more about the parts of a circular saw from a professional carpenter in this free arts and crafts video .
blush adds color to your face . get tips for applying a natural blush in this free makeup video clip from a professional cosmetologist .
putting back drum pads is tricky to repair . learn how with tips from our expert drummer in this free drum electronic drum video music lesson .
mother ducks play counting games over the hill and far away . learn how to play the song `` counting game '' with five little ducks in this free crafts video .
older performance artists should stay in touch with society and the media . learn to stay current as a performance artist in this free conceptual art video .
for gladiator sandals , create a thin sole on the bottom . learn to draw gladiator shoes in this free fashion video from a fashion design graduate student .
dentures are removable replacement for teeth . learn about different types of partial dentures from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
massage therapy and medications , or pharmacology , are great reference books to use as reference . learn how to become a better massage therapist in this free video on massage techniques from a massage therapist .
flanging is a flanging effect that sounds like many people are singing . learn more about the chorus effect in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
home beer-brewing counter flow wort chiller are kept warm by water and warm water . find out more about counter flow wind chillers with tips from a master brewer in this free video on beverage making .
how to chop onion for curry phyllo triangles ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic curry recipe in this free cooking video .
making a myspace profile is easy with these tips , get expert advice on myspace pictures , profiles , graphics and layouts in this free video .
get the proper ingredients needed to make indian pakora ; learn more about making traditional indian food in this free cooking video .
origami flower origami models are fun and easy to create anywhere . learn how to fold an origami iris in this free origami video lesson .
using a liner to trace your design onto your glass object ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson video about glass painting taught by expert jason painter .
learn how to identify a bad hand in crazy pineapple poker in this free video series that will show you how to master this poker variation in no time .
there are four different types of batteries for hearing aids . learn how to care for a hearing aid in this free hearing loss advice video from a professional audiologist .
the two ways to knit are the continental and continental ways . learn more about the differences between knitting with yarn and needles with expert tips from a knitting instructor in this free video about how to knit .
how to cut pork to make chinese hot and sour soup ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making traditional chinese recipes in this free cooking video series .
learn how to do uppercuts in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin karate instructor tony capraro .
high blood pressure readings are determined by a person 's exercise or diet . learn more about what exercise can do to bring down blood pressure with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
sitting down and studying the strategies and combinations of kali is the best way to learn the game . learn to play kali from the creator of african rock in this free gaming video .
learn how to make italian stuffed shells pasta and more about making traditional italian food in this free cooking video .
ca n't scrape together the cash for a birthday clown ? no problem , let our expert show you how to make a balloon elephant trunk in this free video clip .
find out what ingredients you 'll need to make your homemade garlic bread in this free video clip .
get the proper uses of spring onions ; learn more about green , yellow , and spring onions in this free cooking video .
to switch hands on nunchucks , hold the arm out at a 90 degree angle . move on to switch hands with tips from a third-degree black belt in this free martial arts weapons video .
how to prepare for filing your federal income taxes online in this free video tutorial .
learn how to knit in the front and back of a knit scarf in this free home hobby video .
the ukulele is a four stringed instrument that is typically an acoustic guitar and has two tuning pegs on each side . learn more about ukele anatomy from a professional musician in this free guitar video .
want to help kids with their math lessons ? learn how to make dots worksheets for kids in this free kindergarten education video .
learn about the right foot movement in boxing footwork , techniques , steps , and movements in this free training video for boxers .
when cleaning toilets , use elbow grease to get up all the dirt . clean the shower floor with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
the f stop controls the amount of light that comes into camera to hit the film or sensor . find out how f stops are used in photography in this free video on photography lighting techniques from a professional photographer .
learn about how to count walls in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
to draw a cartoon flea , learn to draw an armored football with strong limbs and basic arm anatomy in this free cartoon drawing video featuring a professional cartoon artist .
cooking cracked wheat and brown rice made easy ; explore hot cereals and healthy alternatives to oatmeal in this free video on whole grain cereal tips .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
backup a computer hard drive by selecting the users folder and right-clicking the start button at the bottom and clicking on computer . protect a hard drive with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
learn about the history of cumbia with expert columbian bumbia dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online advanced dance lesson and choreography video clip .
break a dog 's bad habits by giving them exercise , discipline and affection , and rewarding behavior at the same time ; learn how to break bad habits for your dog in this free video on dog ownership .
sizing up a surf scene can be done using the lasso tool . learn how to add sparkles to your surf scene from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
it 's pretty easy to make a slab without a slab roller as long as you do n't worry about things . learn how to prepare clay for a slab in this free ceramics video .
when massaging a child with an earache , use a relaxation method to create a relaxing environment . gather appropriate massage supplies with tips from a childcare specialist in this free video on massage .
have a small sauce pot and a large pot handy for preparing this dish . gather utensils for cantonese chicken with ginger-scallion fried rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
baiting oils have been used in the fishing industry for many years , and commercial fishermen use them as well as recreational fishermen . discover how bait oils work with information from a fishing guide in this free video on fishing .
learn how to do the shoulder pressure yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness lesson video .
get a walkthrough of the guard shack in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
what makes a child a good eyeglass designer ? learn how to make sure a child is engaged with the frame in this free video on children and eyeglasses .
how to use rolling pins to make clay bowls for pottery ; learn this and more in this free video arts and crafts lesson taught by a pottery making expert .
draw the star lines for a paper star lantern . light up a room by learning how to make a star-shaped paper lantern in this free crafting video .
build a skateboard by putting holes in the back of the board to hold the board in place and injecting screws into the board 's grip tape . find out how to put screws in a newly built skateboard with tips from an avid skateboard enthusiast and rider in this free video on skateboards .
the components of an atom are situated in various designated areas of the atom , including the nucleus where protons and neutrons hang out and the control center where the electrons hang out . understand the basic concept behind an atom with important facts from a science teacher in this free video on fundamental physics .
use coat rack design to match existing wood work and have a limited amount of space to put the coat rack . design coat racks with tips from an industrial design teacher in this free video on woodwork .
the musical saw can be held vertically or horizontally . learn how to hold a musical saw in this free online video music lesson on playing the singing saw .
setting up layers in adobe flash is simple but could be tricky . learn basic tips for line spacing and shapes in flash from a professional artist in this free video .
finding a color , in photoshop , is a great way to begin creating your wood texture background . learn more about creating wood texture from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
when mountain biking , you want to be in a place that has a pretty good exit from the mountain . learn how to start on an incline for mountain biking in this free trail riding training video for the beginner .
you can cut some of your peekaboo legs out to give it a little peek-a-boo . learn how to make a peek-out-door play mat out of recycled jeans in this free crafts video .
creating the plastic text is a great way to add dimension to your design . learn how to add texture to your textual image from a professional designer in this free video .
how to put together a push mower ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on sharpening gardening tools in this free instructional video .
learn how to glaze clay tile tiles to make a mosaic tile table in this free ceramics video tutorial .
paper you 'll need to make a pirate hat and how to assemble this hat ; learn this and more in this free online arts and crafts video on making party supplies taught by expert ginny larson .
when threading facial hair , wrap the thread around the neck and hold it in the mouth . remove unwanted facial hair with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on personal grooming .
learn about the benefits of speed and agility training from a health and beauty expert in this free agility training and fitness video clip .
use arm to coil a rope that 's medium length . learn how to do a standing rope coil in this free instructional video .
use an eyeliner pencil to line up the contours . learn to apply eyeliner for television and film in this free cosmetics video with a movie makeup artist .
in jiu-jitsu , ankle locks are not leg locks and are done by stepping under a partner 's arm pit and placing the bone of the fore arm underneath the leg . do ankle locks with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu jitsu and judo submission moves and
for looped placemats , keep the needle in and out so that the threads are not looping or knotting . attach pattern beads with tips from a crafts enthusiast and teacher in this free sewing video .
trying to whiten your teeth ? get tips for using over-the-counter teeth whitening products in this free video from a dentist .
learn about dessert for chicken wings in this free appetizer recipe from our professional chef .
practice fakie tries on a regular basis until you get comfortable with the transition . learn how to transition from a feeble to fakiie skateboarding trick in this free skateboarding video from a sponsored skateboarder .
what weight fly line does in fly fishing ? learn about fly fishing gear , supplies , and other equipment in this free video .
in order to defend against a headlock on the ground , begin with the knees wide . defend against the headlock with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujitsu .
to fix an oven that is heating poorly , first check for the elements inside , start the element on the top and then on the bottom . find out how to remove screws when an oven is heating slowly with help from a home repair specialist in this free video on home construction and remodeling .
draw eyelashes of cartoon girls . learn how to draw eyelashes on cartoon girls in this free video art lesson on cartooning and drawing females .
tips on getting pictures as christmas gifts for co-workers in this free holiday video so that you take the guesswork out of office holiday party gift giving .
the image view button allows you to jump images one at a time . learn how to use the image view mode of the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free canon photography lesson .
learn how to dress for a club with expert stand-up comedy tips and techniques in this free comedy lesson video .
by looking at the clouds , teach kids how to read . learn how to teach a child to read in the clouds in this free reading video .
in kung fu , the horse stance is a stationary stance used for side-to-side movement . practice the kungfu horse stance with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
select hosiery to wear with open-toe shoes by choosing footwear with no hem lines or reinforcements that would cause the toes to poke through the shoe . wear open-toed hosieries with shoes that are clean at the foot line with tips from an experienced retail shoe store manager in this free video
learn all about balloon animals with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free balloon folding video clip .
the arizona sunrise is a mixed drink with tequila that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
watch as an expert bachelor explains the rules for attracting supermodels in this free online video about attracting women .
exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . here is a free video on leg extensions to help you in your operation fit !
in saxophone playing , the g7 chord is used for the first , third , fifth and seventh member of the saxophone scale . play saxophone scales in the key of g7 with tips from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
learn how to defend against a head lock choke in this free martial arts video from a bushido expert .
prepare the skin for waxing and hair removal with a cotton square and a waxing system . learn about body waxing for men and how to wax the skin in this free wax and grooming video .
lose weight on the fat flush diet by eliminating essential fatty acids from the diet . eat healthy with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
rotating and increasing balance is a great way to improve your balance and balance . learn a useful balance exercise from a professional hockey player in this free sports video .
learn how to choreograph your steps with the mambo for beginners in this free video dance lesson .
how to pick greenery for making tropical flower arrangements ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
how to make a raspberry glaze for `` death by chocolate '' cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
to make a siamese cat portrait in conte crayons , start with the nose and build the shape of the head around that . use a photo source to make the darkest areas of a cat portrait using tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
if a person has more than one car , would they get a discount if they have multiple cars ? discuss different types of vehicles and auto insurance policies with an agent to find the best deal with advice in this free video from a licensed insurance agent about automobile insurance information .
to be a great violinist you need more than just scales . here is a free video clip on the 8th degree of an a melodic minor scale .
women traveling can be dangerous . an experienced traveler gives tips for women about safety when traveling and the dangers of infection in this free travel video .
avoid common mistakes when doing a fakie smith stall . find out how to avoid common mistakes with skateboarding in this free video on skateboarding trick tips .
when state based effects are checked in `` magic : the gathering '' any creature that has zero or less toughness is put into its owner 's graveyard . understand the difference between the zero and the negative creature in this free video on magic cards from a certified judge .
belly dancing with veils can be difficult . learn tips for using a veil during your belly dance routines in this free video lesson from a professional belly dancer .
in order to block yahoo ! email , sign in , click on the mail icon , select mail options and then click on `` add block addresses '' to block the address . keep email addresses from being blocked by following the easy steps in this free video from an internet business consultant .
learn how to form the flaunch of the opening when making a porcelain tea pot in this free ceramics video lesson .
watch as an expert bachelor explains how to use attention to attract supermodels in this free online video about attracting women .
when checking a computer processor , go to the my computer menu , right-click on my computer , select the general tab and look for the processor information . check a computer 's cpu type with tips from an it and computer specialist in this free video on computer technology .
creating a floor of a ceramic bottle will prevent s cracks by pulling the clay together . learn how to form a bottle floor with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
salt and acid are a good match for acidic wines . learn the salt and acid rule in how to pair food and wine from a professional writer , speaker and sommelier in this free culinary video .
learn how to use the frog base for an origami edelweiss with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online origami craft video clip .
pointing the light directly at the subject creates a dramatic portrait . learn how to use white cards with expertise from a professional photographer in this free photography video .
before adhering the mosaic tile , make sure all pieces fit perfectly . learn how to make a mosaic tiled hand mirror at home in this free crafting video .
massage the entire arm , including shoulders and hands . learn about massaging the arms in swedish massage with tips from a massage specialist in this free health video .
in kickboxing , keep the body tight and loose to perform a straight punch and uppercut combination . perform this powerful attack combo with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
give them a reason to chew on your pens and pencils with the not in the armpit office prank ! learn how in this free video on office pranks .
learn how to use the music business registry to help you get a record deal , or recording contract in this free online instructional video .
how to trim excess threads for sewing a unitard ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sewing for kids in this free instructional video .
play a sample game to see if you get a score . learn how to play the dice game , `` ship , captain and crew , '' in this free gaming video .
how to tune a piano at ninety years old ; learn this and more in this free video musical instrument lesson about piano tuning and care , including tips and maintenance , taught by an expert .
cover up your ice fishing catches with maggot . learn how to bait a maggot hook in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
learn chest exercises in baby boomer yoga from a professional hatha yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn how to groom men 's eyebrows for a man 's haircut in this free male grooming video clip .
proper process for making the kasha and finally adding vegetable broth to the pan ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by expert chef emory davis .
learn hip rolls for prenatal yoga in this free pregnancy exercise video from our expert on fitness for expecting mothers .
learn how to increase the speed and raise the angle when you shoot spit wads with expert tips in this free online video clip for kids and students .
learning how to load a bow and how to keep it safe is discussed in this archery lesson video .
when making homemade bracelets , it 's important to create an original bracelet . create unique bracelets out of pants with tips from a custom-clothing specialist in this free video on bracelets .
learn the technique for a two hand over shoulder throw in this sports video from our professional black belt instructor on judo for children .
vulnerability is important to convey emotion in every performance , because it draws the audience in to the message you are conveying . learn tips on how to combine these two from a professional performer in this free video .
trying to act with accents ? learn how to use an accent for your on camera audition in this free video clip from a professional casting director .
the pressing block in praying mantis fighting will be done with either right or left hand punching . learn how to do the pressing block kung fu technique in this free martial arts video from a black belt instructor .
dry cleaners use fabric softener sheets to protect clothes from steam . learn how to steam dry cleaners from a professional cleaner in this free laundry washing video .
learn to fold an origami bird with instructions from a professional artist in this free video on easy origami projects .
how to gather and use brushes for silkscreening your own t-shirts ; get professional tips and advice on screen printing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free fashion video .
sculpting the ear on a wax sculpture creates a realistic appearance . carve an ear from wax with a professional sculptor in this free video sculpting lesson .
how to mix medications to survive a prison sentence in this free video clip .
learn tips on how to attach a table leg to a table in this free carpentry and woodworking video .
alacique is one of the easiest tulips to recognize . learn how to identify springtime flowers in bloom from a sustainable gardener in this free video .
caring for a diving board depends on the season . learn how to clean diving boards from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
web designers can align uneven tables on web pages with html commands that defaults to the center or bottom of the page . code uneven text on an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
in order to center a ceramic mug , a pin tool needs to be used . learn about attaching clay to a mug when throwing a mug from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
learn the tree hugger pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
draw a cartoon man standing in underwear in the underwear . learn how to draw underwear cartoon men in this free video drawing lesson from a professional cartoon artist .
reading bass clef notes is similar to learning the alphabet , which consists of the treble clef , the bottom line of the piano and the space . read musical notes with tips from a pianist , singer and songwriter in this free video on musical tips .
traditional belly dancers use different costumes than traditional burmese costumes . learn the different costumes and colors of the egyptian belly in this free video lesson .
learn how to write a news article in this free journalism lesson video .
exploring professional photography cases ; learn about and how to use professional photography equipment in this free video on being a pro photographer .
how to set the water level on a washer to properly wash jeans ; get professional tips and advice on washing and drying any type of jeans in this free instructional video .
when drawing a comic book superhero figure , always start with a strong sense of duty and an overwhelming desire to do right things . draw superhero figures with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
the rapier stomach slash should accentuate the movements of the attacker as explained in this free stage combat video .
how to remove contact lenses in this free eye care video .
start with lights before oil painting the hair of a portrait . learn more about oil painting hair from a professional artist in this free painting video .
caring for hair extensions is important to determine what kind of hair is being used . take care of hair extensions , such as whether they 're synthetic or real , with tips from an experienced hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
paint is non-toxic and is not good for kids ' faces . learn more about choosing face paints from a parenting expert in this free crafts video .
when watercolor painting an orchid , add water and a little yellow in order to change the color . find out more about mixing water and yellow using watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
keep your audience captivated . learn how to put on a magic show with easy magic tricks in this free video clip about practicing your magic tricks .
learn how to do the butterfly breath flow for prenatal yoga in this free pregnancy exercise video from our expert on fitness for expecting mothers .
learn how to sweep and dust the ceiling for painting in this free instructional diy home remodeling video .
an overhead extension extension is a great upper body triceps extension workout and tubing or resistance bands are a great workout tool to use to increase intensity . learn how these are done and their benefits from a health and fitness expert in this free video clip .
an expert swimmer demonstrates kicking exercises for the freestyle stroke in this free beginners swimming video lesson .
take things out of your pot to make a flower pot . learn how to create flower pot walls with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
breast augmentation is also known as breast enlargement or breast enhancement . learn about breast augmentation with tips from a cosmetic surgeon in this free weight loss video .
hitting the nose can cause significant damage to your attacker . learn how to do a nose attack defense technique in this free video clip from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
assisting a yoga shoulder stand is a great way to create a feeling of length in the spine . learn more about how to assist a shoulder stand with tips from a yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn the meaning of the abundance green card and how to play it in 'magic : the gathering ' in this free game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
a sewing project can be a fun project for kids . learn how to cut a head out of clothing from a professional seamstress in this free video .
the spindle gauge is used to turn something entirely different . learn how to use a bowl gauge when turning a bowl in this free woodworking lesson from a woodturning instructor .
make sure your body stays down and bent over for the pound move . learn how to do the pound step clap in intermediate hip hop dancing .
if you take blood pressure at home , be seated and relaxed for about 15 minutes before taking it . learn more about taking blood pressure with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
telemarking can be a great way to gain entry into a customer service field without being laid off . get a telemarketing career information with tips from a business entrepreneur and strategy consultant in this free career video .
reassembling the voltage regulator is necessary for replacing the brushes and reloading the alternator . learn how to load the regulator in these free auto repair video instructions featuring a certified mechanic .
when installing bearings on a skateboard , use active bearings and a bearing press . install skateboard bearings with tips from an avid skateboard enthusiast and rider in this free video on skateboards .
learn about soon tobu ji gae and more about traditional korean food in this free cooking video .
learn when your dog is an old dog and what to look for in this free video .
learn how to serve the finished korean kimchi chigae dish with expert cooking tips in this free korean barbecue video clip .
how to add bronzer for applying a carmen electra makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
there are several ways to detect fleas and ticks in cats including combing the hair off the cat 's bedding , looking for circular spiral specks and pulling at the mouth of the cat . discover the differences between cats and fleas with tips from a veterinarian in this free video on cat care .
the arm of a turntable holds the head , which holds the cartridge , the stylee or a needle . learn more about how to use a tonearm in this free record player maintenance lesson from an experienced disc jockey .
get a free saxophone lesson on playing the g major scale in this free video lesson taught by a professional saxophone instructor .
include fresh rosemary for a new york steak with dijon recipe . prepare ingredients for a steak with tips from a chef in this free video on dinner recipes .
do you hear the rhythm in everything you do ? learn how to play different sounds with expert tips and advice on bucket drumming in this free video .
learn how children are fed nebulizer medication with expert medical tips in this free vaporized medicine video clip .
stamping easter wish cards can be done with chocolate chip . use stamping ma jigs on easter wishes cards with tips from a scrapbook demonstrator in this free easter crafting video .
some state based effects in `` magic the gathering '' are usually the way of cleaning up the game . learn about magic cards and effects from a certified judge in this free magic cards video .
the downward block in kung fu is similar to drawing a half circle from the ear to the navel . learn how to block a roundhouse kick in this free video on martial arts techniques .
there are several different greens in a pastel painting . learn how to identify a variety of greens with tips from a professional artist in this free instructional art video .
the biggest part of a performance is drawing the attention of the audience . learn tips on how to do this from a professional performing and touring musician in this free video .
learn how to sew shell trim when making a shower curtain with expert sewing tips from a seamstress in this free crafting video clip .
improvising on the chorus of your song 'new york in winter ' can help you develop a melody . learn how to write a song in this free music video .
to keep a hula hoop going through the torso , make sure the hoop is moving through the chest as the hoop rolls across the back . learn how to keep momentum going in the torso in this free video on working out with aula hoop from a professional hooping instructor .
the third note in a c tonic minor arpeggio on violin is a g natural on the d string . play the third note of the c tonican minor scale with a violin instructor in this free video violin lesson .
learn how to remove stress from your bread when making homemade challah bread in this free cooking video on dinner party appetizer recipes .
learn instructions on how to groom the back of a dog 's foot in this free dog grooming instruction video .
using organ sounds can help create a gospel sound for your music demo . learn how to incorporate organ sounds into your demo from a professional musician in this free video .
want to make a face mask for your skin ? learn how to analyze your skin to make the best face masks in this free video clip from a professional beauty consultant .
what are the ingredients and materials needed to make foam ? find out in this free science video .
learn how to do the new york walk dance steps in the hustle in this free dance lesson video .
when dressing for tango dancing , dress in comfortable clothing that allows the legs to move and be graceful . dress for the tango with tips from a professional dance instructor in this free video on dancing .
in two-dimensional design , circles get smaller as they are farther away from the viewer . put a circular in perspective in two-d design with an artist in this free video art lesson .
you 're going to want your paper mache to be double layered so it 's going to hold on to the paper . learn how to make mixed media rats from a professional art instructor in this free crafts video .
place your foot tapping at a steady beat to practice syncopation . learn tips on how to syncopate to your rhythm in this free video clip on music theory .
ghost notes are a great way to accentuate a change in a song or emphasize a section . do better drum beats including paradiddles and accent variations with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
learn how to play the turbo supplement in yu-gi-oh in this free video card game lesson from a strategy and rpg game expert .
to troubleshoot a dishwasher , remove the basket to clean the inside of the dish , check the drain line to see if the washer rotates freely and check the connection to the garbage disposal . find out how the wash arm rotates to avoid mold and debris in the dishwasher in this free video
to grow sunflowers , put seeds in seed trays , wrap them in a plastic wrap and place them in the soil for one to two days to dry out the seeds . grow sunflower with tips from a sustainable gardener in this free video on gardening .
give your old jeans new life ! learn how to prepare when converting jeans into bell bottoms in this free clothing alteration video .
motorcycle helmets can be very mod in styling and a good visual element for a fashion design . draw motorcycle helmets with a fashion designer in this free fashion illustration video .
how to prepare the amber beer malt and specialty grains for home brewing amber beer ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
how to use a stiff brush to apply the first color on your glass painting ; tips , tricks and techniques to change your old framed glass into new art pieces in this free online art lesson about painting taught by david a. clemen .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
are you an arts and crafts nut ? learn how to pick garden art in this free gardening video .
learn how to form the face for a betty boop pendant in this free crafting video art lesson .
watch and learn how and when to garnish your crepe recipe from our expert chef in this free cooking video on making easy crepe recipes .
learn how to hit cymbals correctly in this free video series that will teach you how to strategically set up your band and musical equipment for a performance .
midi cables are used to connect your external sound card and your cpu to the control surface . learn about midi cables for recording midi music in cubase in this free digital music recording video .
as a running back in american football , it 's important to jump over obstacles and avoid falling in front of the opponent . get tips on how to avoid getting tackled and how to be tackled in this free football video lesson .
doing an overhead throw is easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
vocal self-care is best achieved by staying hydrated , drinking plenty of water and lubricating the vocal chords . learn more in this free video series that will show you how to perfect your singing and vocal technique .
start on the back with the feet apart and bring the knees together to the chest . learn how to do the knee drop in zen yoga yoga massage from the founder in this free holistic fitness video .
pulling the walls of a clay bowl will prevent cracking by redistributing the material . learn how to pull out clay walls with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
making invitations in portugal can be fun and easy , and expert portuguese language expert teaches phrases for making invitations in this free language lesson video clip .
what does a steam machine do when ironing clothes ? learn about steaming clothes and other tips on laundry and clothing care in this free video .
opening clay on the pottery wheel for a large clay platter should be done with the palm of your hand . see how to open clay to throw a platter in this free ceramics video .
learn how to check the basket of pool skimmers to make sure that they are secure , with expert tips on pools in this free pool maintenance video clip .
ryote tori tenchinage splits the opponent 's energy and allows them to attack the groin . learn how to do ryotetori teninage to defend against a frontal attack in this free aikido training video featuring a 4th degree black belt .
chicken breasts are the best part of a chicken breast . gather ingredients for chicken paprikash with fried mushroom rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
a nunchucks thumb spin is a useful combo move in martial arts . learn the nunchuck thumb spin move in this free video on martial arts weapons training .
a good snow ski step will help you learn how to hit a jump like a snowboarder in this free winter sports video .
learn how to serve a tequila shrimp recipe in this free cooking with alcohol class on video .
improve your tae kwon do skills by learning the 540 tornado kick in this free martial arts video .
tents are essential for hikers and campers who want to stay safe and found while spending the day hiking . learn how to choose a tent for your camping trip in this free video series .
to properly store a band saw , unplug the machine , wrap the cord and place it in a safe place . keep band saw operating safely with this free video from a professional contractor .
 king snakes are known to eat other species of snakes . get more king snake information from a reptile specialist in this free video on exotic pets .
how to play ii minor chords for jazz piano in the key of f major , including tips and tricks ; learn this and more in this free online jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
there are many signs in sign language for different types of transportation . learn more about how to sign the words for transportation in american sign language with tips from a deaf signing expert in this free sign language video .
mental preparation in gymnastics is important to execute difficult moves . learn about mental preparation with tips from a gymnastics coach in this free gymnastics video .
learn the importance of the witch of endor in this free witchcraft for beginners video clip .
a table-of- contents is a report that contains headings and subcategories . learn how to write the head and page numbers of a college research report with tips from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
when taking a charge in basketball , an offensive player must be physical in boxing out , rebounding and playing defense . take a charge with tips from a basketball coach in this free video on playing basketball .
if you want to be a solo musician , learn tips on how to promote your cd and merchandising in this free musical performance video lesson .
wrist stretches are very important for warming up before a yoga lesson . learn how to do yoga wrist stretches for warm up exercises from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
professional budget advice you ca n't miss ! learn how to evaluate a budget for personal finances in this free online video tutorial .
 edit text in a myspace page by going to the `` edit profile '' tab , clicking on the picture and typing in the text that needs to be bold and bold . add white tags , black text and red text with information from a work flow manager of a software development company in this free video on computers .
craft a walking cane from the branch of a tree . learn how to sand corks for a wood walking cane in this free woodworking video from a wood crafts expert .
find out if selective herbicides are right for your garden ; learn about using insecticides in this free video on pesticide application .
learn where to get supplies to mount your photo to poster board in this free art collection and hobbies video .
learn how to do a reverse forehand frisbee throw in this free frisbees video .
learn how to attach clip to toilet trip lever after repairing a toilet in these free bathroom repair videos from a hardware expert .
to be a great violinist you need more than just scales . here is a free video clip on the 4th degree of an b melodic minor scale on the violin .
chipping in thai yoga massage stretches the lower back and helps to get the client comfortable . learn more about chopping with tips from a yoga instructor in this free massage therapy video .
pull downs are very easy hip hop moves . learn the pull down hip hop dance move in this free aerobic dancing video from a choreographer .
any time a player has less than 10 but has n't gotten a zero score is a score . learn how to play fourteens solitaire in this free gaming video .
learn how to smooth the wrinkles when ironing your shorts while ironing a men 's suit in this free clothing care video from a wardrobe professional .
in kung fu , bring all of the fingers together and push the thumb to the side of the hand . develop the proper palm shape with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
use the low crawl drill for paintball to practice getting from point a to point b without being seen by the enemy . learn about low crawl paintball drills in this free paintball lesson from an experienced player and strategy expert .
watch an expert martial artist explain the difference between an aerial and a cartwheel in this free video clip .
make a cane from a tree branch ! learn how to shape handle of wood walking cane in this free woodworking video from a wood crafts expert .
the three point stability position is an advanced core training exercise that will help you improve core strength and stability in the core . learn more in this free core training workout video .
play r & b drum ghost notes with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
remember to pay attention to the breath when performing chair yoga . learn more about the benefits of chair yoga for seniors with expert tips from a yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn when to switch hitter in this free baseball coaching video from an expert softball and baseball coach .
in kung fu , perform a downward forearm block and same hand counter combination to defeat an opponent after performing a reverse punch . find out more about this intricate fighting maneuver from a karate instructor in this free martial arts video .
best to chop ginger and garlic for paneer masala to enhance the flavor and consistency of this indian dish ; learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation of chicken and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
learn how to add water to the face of a snowman with tips from a winter recreation expert in this free winter fun video .
you will want to be animated and use hand gestures , facial expressions and body language to add vitality to your words . learn how to give on-screen interviews with professional screen coach aimy kersey in this free media video .
before you start to bead a window , you want to have an idea of how many beads you 're going to need . learn how to design a window on a t-shirt in this free video on home decor and lighting .
ludwig van beethoven was one of the greatest music composers in history and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
in kung fu , twist the fist and push out with the tips of the toes to perform the rising block , lead punch and low kick combination . find out more about this fighting combo with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
be sure to follow the spirit of the rules of `` fifa 08 '' paintball game . get expert tips and advice on paintball rules and recreation in this free video .
how to mix ingredients for making empanadas ; learn more about traditional spanish , portuguese , and latin american food in this free cooking video .
moving the feet together , bend the knees and bring the toes to the side . learn to warm-up for modern dancing with develope exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
learn how to do a forward jump yoga pose from a yoga expert in this free exercise video about using props in yoga workouts .
a good rip in a dive will break the surface tension in the water . find out more about rip techniques from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
slip a handle for a ceramic sake plate into a thin ribbon of clay . learn about plate slip with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
how to use a wire wheel on a bench grinder ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sharpening tools , shaping and polishing metal in this free instructional video .
find cheap aquariums for cheap by contacting a relative or other person who has an aquarium that does n't want to use . learn where to find affordable aquariums with tips from the owner of a fish pet store in this free video on pet care .
understand what healthy kids eat in daycare centers with expert childcare tips in this free online healthy kids diet video clip .
warrior i in sun salutation yoga is a balancing pose and opportunity for back bends . learn how to do warrior i in surya namaskara , a sequence of hatha yoga asanas , in this free video on fitness and meditation .
during shoulder massage , focus on the areas of the posterior scapula . discover how to give a shoulder massage with tips from a professional massage therapist in this free instructional video on massage techniques .
learn how to install a wall cover on a socket in this free online do it yourself home improvement video on basic electrical work .
practicing double stops in the violin will make the practice of intervals much easier . learn more about the importance of double stops for the violin in this free violin lesson from a professional violinist .
associate art with feng shui in the bedroom to bring energy to the relationship . learn more about fen shui bedroom art in this free video from a leading fang shui practitioner .
when drawing comic characters , dynamics are important to include in the details . draw comic characters with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
a romantic relationship is about enjoying the outdoors and providing a unique experience . make a romantic relationship with tips from an author of a book on dating in this free video on interpersonal relationships .
help out on the post . learn how to play the middle man in a zone defense in this free youth basketball lesson from an experienced head coach .
when dancing the charleston with a partner , the hand should be resting on the side . find out how to hold a partner with tips from two dance instructors in this free video on dancing .
dismount a ceramic vase from the potter 's wheel using a wire tool . learn wire tool dismounts from the wheel with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
using construction paper is a great way to create the background for your picture . learn how to make the back of a box in this free crafts video .
distractions can disrupt the defensive scheme . learn how to distract your opponent on the ball in this free basketball coaching video .
the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn the string names of a violin in this free video clip series .
it 's important to keep the hips straight forward and back straight when performing the zen yoga dragon lunge . learn more about dragon lunges from the founder of zinyasa yoga in this free yoga video .
the reverb guitar effect makes it sound as if you are playing the guitar is a large room , hall , auditorium , or studio . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
steps for adding the ginger and garlic to your chicken biryani dish . learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
switch your left foot and right hand for the lunge back with pop move . learn advanced hip hop funk choreography from a professional instructor in this free dance video series .
when handling hermit crabs , keep palm flat and skin taunt , try to avoid pinching the pincher and never pull them off of bark . take care of a hermit crab with tips from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
when disposing of antifreeze , it 's important to consult a qualified service technician and dispose of it properly . get rid of used garbage and consider tips from a garbage disposal specialist in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
how to properly tune a guitar by ear ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
a rabbit 's nails should be trimmed only every three months . trim rabbits ' nails with tips from a veterinarian in this free video on rabbits and pet care .
removing tumbling moves is an important part of an all-star tumbler routine . learn an clean tumbling move from a national champion cheerleader in this free fitness video .
the eagle yoga pose is an excellent maneuver to use to increase stability and strengthen the spine . learn more about the eagle pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
in self-defense against a front choke hold , take the balance away and establish your own balance . escape from a front grab with tips from an eighth-degree black belt in this free martial arts video .
there are many types of calligraphy paper . learn about types of paper in this free video .
learn about wimpy patterns in four ball juggling in this free juggling video lesson .
in feng shui , the outside of the door is important to have a welcoming feel . discover where to place a door to your home with tips from a certified fen shui consultant in this free video on home decoration .
learn how to finish a red carpet event and get professional tips and advice on red carpet fashion styles in this free instructional video .
teeth whitening products like zoom2 are very damaging to the teeth . learn how to use in-office teeth whitening product in this free dental care video from a dentistry professional .
make oyster sauce for french chicken marinade thickens the flavor . learn how to make oyster sauces with expert tips from a chef in this free recipe video .
draw the hands up and out to the side , keeping the palms down . learn about zen yoga qigong arm movements in this free holistic fitness video from the founder of zeen yoga .
some triggered abilities in `` magic the gathering '' can be selected or triggered from the priority flow chart , while other actions can be summoned from the stack . get tips on triggering triggered abilities from a certified judge in this free magic cards video .
in compuhost karaoke software , you can start the singer and execute the performance easily with these tips . learn how to use compu host software to host karake shows in this free tutorial video .
how to reassemble light bulb . learn how to replace a car 's headlights in this free video on car maintenance .
many full-time employees are found in springfield . learn about the operation of springfield lumber mills with tips from a manager of a logging company in this free video on woodworking .
how composition control the flow of the space in your painting and different directions for different effects ; learn this and more in this free online painting video about wall murals taught by expert artist ian loveall .
the object of the clock solitaire variant is to beat the kings . learn how to play kings solitaire in this free gaming video .
painting a home front door should be done properly to determine if the paint is oil-based or latex . discover the differences in painting a front door with tips from a heating , ventilation and air conditioning ( hvac ) certified technician in this free video on home repair .
one secret to human longevity is controlling your portion control . learn how to control your portions to improve human longevity with expert tips from a fitness trainer in this free video about improving human longevity .
high blood sugars can cause confusion , confusion and blurry vision . learn more about what high blood sugars are and how they affect type one diabetes with tips from a nutritionist in this free video on diabetic diets .
learn how to add details to plaster sculptures with the chisel tools in this free art lesson video .
the nintendo wii was invented at corporate headquarters in japan in 2001 , and it was developed through the video game cube 's release . discover the nintendo ds and how it has helped the wii 's game with help from a technology specialist in this free video on the nio home video
learn about different types of potatoes in this free video on home gardening .
focus your weight on your heel when executing the heel toe hop . learn how to do hip hop traveling movements from a professional teacher in this free dance video .
before buying a video camera , consider what type of videography it is going to be used for . consider what kind of video camera is being used for , how much battery life and how heavy the camera is on the tripod . consider the tripod for a professional video camera with tips from a professional photographer in this free
learn which types of thermometers are best for treating a fever with expert medical tips from a trained doctor in this free health care video clip .
in submission moves , toe holds are very painful and should not be attempted at home . use toe holds with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
scratching is a normal behavior that cats do . provide an alternative scratching environment with tips from an animal rescue volunteer in this free video on introducing cats to new homes .
start with the fourth finger on d flat for an a flat major scale . learn about playing upright bass d flat major scales and arpeggios in this free stringed instrument video from a jazz and classical bassist .
the reverse plank pose in yoga will build core strength , shoulder strength and triceps . learn more about how to do the reverse plank yoga pose with tips from yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
a knit hat , like a toboggan or beanie , is made from yarn . learn to draw knit hats with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
find out how whole foods affect human longevity with expert health tips from a science and health researcher in this free video about improving human longevity .
learn how to spotters for cheering with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video on advanced cheerleading jumps and tumbling .
when tying djembe drum rings , make sure the bottom ring is equally tight . tie drum rings of the lower ring with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on drums repairs .
take care of dandruff by analyzing the scalp first and applying a scalp relief or sea breeze to loosen up the dry skin . treat danderruff with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on health and beauty .
load a snowmobile on the back of a trailer after it 's done for the day . learn how to load snowmobiles on a trailer in this free automotive video .
vichy shampoo and lotions for cats and dogs are discussed in this free video .
make sure the lower fan shroud clips are on the new radiator . learn more about reinstalling a radiator in these free auto repair video instructions .
rotating the back of the leg , in pilates , is a great way to increase the intensity of your leg workout . learn more about how to properly rotate the back leg from a professional pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
add pictures to a myspace profile page by adding a photo code to the profile photo album . find out how to upload photos to myspace with tips from a user of myspace in this free video about designing a mypace page .
it is useful to get a horse to raise and lower their head during an equine massage . learn more tips for a horse massage from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse massage video .
want to learn domino polka dance steps ? get tips on footwork in this free dance lesson video .
use the top spin to force a three-ball game in tennis . learn how to get ready for a game situation in tennis with various drills and training techniques in this free video lesson .
increase your energy with these bridge poses . learn how to do the bridge yoga stretch to ease symptoms of fibromyalgia in this free medical treatment video from a professional yoga instructor .
clear the attachments with the person you are going to be sending them to . learn e-mail etiquette and popular e messaging features in this free communications video .
the 4 stroke in calligraphy is a basic stroke that starts with a straight stroke . learn tips on how to write this letter correctly and effectively in this free video clip .
when fighting a fish with a fishing pole , the first step is to set the hook to the mouth of the fish to keep the line on the fish . fight off a fish when the fish tries to reel the pole in with help from a fishing guide in this free video on fishing for beginners .
before cutting the waist band to make a bracelet , it is important to assess the material for alterations . adjust the thickness of a bracelet when making bracelets out of pants with tips from a custom-clothing specialist in this free video on bracelets .
learn how to do the heel toe hip hop dance step in this free dance lesson video .
so you want to be a great ice hockey player ? learn how to stretch your shoulder , arm , and groin before playing ice hockey from a professional hockey player in this free sports video .
master the no-hand cartwheel , but have some jumping skills ; learn how to do a no-handed cartwheel in this free video on kung fu .
learn how to form wreath cookies with expert baking tips in this free holiday dessert video clip .
in calligraphy , the italic capital letter h pulls out below the mark . learn more about calligraphic lettering in this free calligraphing number lesson from a calligrapher with three decades of lettering experience .
learn about cleaning the sig sauer 226 9mm handgun in this free woodworking and handgun maintenance video from a professional gun dealer .
wood stain can be removed from a finger joint box to create a nice shade of glue . find out how to remove wood stain with tips from a woodworker in this free home carpentry video .
learn how to choose a series of books per week for home schooled first graders in this free education video clip .
open the area of the horse 's abdomen with equine massage by patting gently with the cupped hand . learn more about where to pat the horse when massaging with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse massage video .
the most common cheerleading hair bow is a collection of two simple ribbons that can be purchased at a local craft store . make a cheerleading bow with tips from an experienced cheerleader in this free video on cheerleading .
unitards can be fitting to many types of sports or activities . learn to make a unitard with tips from a sewing expert in this free sewing video .
the sytrus generator has built in effects separate from the filters in fl studio . learn more about working with effects in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
practicing is very important when beatboxing . get tips on how to practice while beatboxing in this free music video .
learn how to practice balance for a bmx hang 5 with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free bmx video .
lean how to serve a macrobiotic meal in courses in this free online video on how to prepare healthy macrobiotics .
the five cards face up and seventeen in a hand are dealt out . learn how to play golf solitaire in this free video on card games from a poker professional .
violin etudes are a very difficult piece to learn for an intermediate violin performance . learn more about violin etudes for beginners with tips from a violinist in this free music lesson video .
learn how to volunteer in little league baseball with expert tips on children 's sports in this free video clip .
when cleaning a bathroom , the shower hardware needs to be shiny and disinfected . clean shower hardware with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
learn how to use google ad sense to publish your own personal website and learn more about website design in this free instructional video .
it 's important to make sure that the box joint jig is in full contact with the table . learn how to attach the wood stock to a finger joint box from a woodworker in this free video on woodworking .
learn how much water you should consume and why staying hydrated is so important for leading a more active lifestyle in this free health and fitness video clip .
establishing proper distance is a rapier fencing technique that will keep you and your partner safe . learn rapier distance techniques in this free fencing video lesson .
zoom teeth whitening is a great way to erase plaque and bacteria from the mouth , and it is performed by a dental professional for four 20 minute sessions . discover how to zoom teeth with tips from a dental hygienists in this free video on oral hygiene .
when playing the swing groove seven drum beat , displace the eighth notes on the two as well as the and of three . learn more about swinging groove seven with expert tips in this free drumming video .
bridal shower tableware colors come in patterns of plates , napkins and cloths . choose color for a bridal shower with tips from a party planner in this free video on weddings .
how to make roasted pepper and artichoke dip and get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic appetizer dip recipe in this free cooking video .
for shrimp with curried onions , once the oil is starting to evaporate , add a little more than half a tablespoon of curry powder and a half teaspoon of turmeric . stir in spices with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
learn how to understand circuit bending on a toy guitar in this free video series that will help you understand how and when to utilize this unique way of making music .
writers need discipline and the mechanics of the english language to get through formalized education . become a writer with tips from a published writer in this free writing career video .
alpacas are one of the most important animals to watch . learn more about where to get alpacas in this free pet care video .
the basic chain is the first stitch you need to know to begincrocheting . learn how to crochet a bag from start to finish in this free crafts video .
when making a homemade bracelet , use a razor blade to cut the bottom band off of pants . cut the waist band when making bracelets out of pants with tips from a custom-clothing specialist in this free video on bracelets .
stretch your lower body with chi gong . learn how to do the holding the toes move in this free video clip about the benefits and benefits of this type of exercise .
by using less water , rice will firmer . learn how to make rice with expert tips from an experienced chef in this free video about easy seafood recipes .
use an eye pencil to create a softer line that is not as harsh as using a point pencil . draw light strokes from the center of the pencil to the end of the eye and keep the line really thin with tips from a makeup artist in this free video on applying makeup .
when supplies are needed for pencils , pencils tend to chew up half of the pencil before it is sharpened . keep pencils sharpened with tips from an award-winning artist in this free video on watercolor pencils .
using a stance and foot placement on a snowboard is an important skill for the snowboarder to master . prepare for the next snowboard ride with the tips in this free video on extreme sports from a snowboarding enthusiast .
when watercolor painting a lighthouse , use two brushes or more to paint the shadow underneath the roof . learn more about painting the shadow under the roof from a professional artist in this free painting video .
make sure that you 're completely flat onto the floor . learn how to do the lower back stretch in pilates from a professional instructor in this free fitness video .
learn how to adjust the gas and oxygen on your wire sculpture torch in this free video clip .
sharpening burins with a small jig is very simple . learn to sharpen burins using a smaller jig with tips from a printmaker in this free printmaking video series .
play , or walk measures seven and eight in a b major scale on bass guitar ; learn how from our professional bass guitar player and composer in this free music instruction video .
violin bowing and holding the bow hand are the most basic positions for each instrument . learn more about bow hand and bow hold exercises for violin with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
bend the knees and roll up the spine when doing modern dance arm strengthening exercises . learn to warm-up for modern dancing with tips from a professional dance teacher in this free modern dance video lesson .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to clean glass cracks on terrariums in this free online video about reptile care .
start drawing the head and body of a drawing of a lion and duck . learn to draw a lion head and duck from a fashion designer in this free fashion illustration video .
watch and learn from our expert what pace to run at in this free exercise training video on competitive cross country running .
the overhead is a very important shot in squash . learn tips for hitting overhead squash shots in this free video from a squash instructor .
start with your chin , bring your chin toward your chest , let your neck be heavy and you 're going to roll through your spine all the way down . learn how to do the hamstring stretch in body weight pilates from a professional instructor in this free fitness video .
in baseball , on base percentage and slugging percentage are calculated by dividing the number of hits plus walks by the numbers of atbats . calculate batting averages with tips from a swing mechanics analyst and hitting coach in this free video on baseball statistics and tips .
learn the sivananda yoga full breathing exercise in this free exercise video .
learn the proper safety procedures before painting a car with expert painting tips in this free online car repair video clip .
in calligraphy , the first stroke of the italic capital t begins with a straight stroke . learn more about the basics of calligraphic lettering in this free handwriting video from a calligrapher .
growing st. john 's wart is easy with the addition of peet and perlite to the herb . learn how to grow st.john 's w in a horticulturist in this free gardening video .
home hydrotherapy involves using disposable tubing and disposable speculums . learn about the different types of colonic treatment in this free health video .
grouper fish comes in different types of fish depending on the season . learn what types of grouper to catch in this free video about fresh seafood .
in kickboxing , place the fighting guard when performing the front kick , rear leg round kick combination . practice this powerful attack sequence with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free kickboxing video .
learn the three different types of customer service including anonymous , face-to-face and written communication with expert training tips in this free online customer service training video clip .
learn how to finish installing your wood blinds in this free video clip .
tips for making fried rice ; learn the final step in this free asian food cooking video .
blush helps enhance the cheeks by applying a plum-colored color to the apples of the cheeks and avoiding circles on the cheeks . keep the face blended and natural by applying blush regularly with beauty tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on skin care and makeup .
trying to get a job in another trade or business ? learn about job seeking in this free video clip about business tax deductions .
what is a navajo rug and how do you use it on a frame loom ? learn about rug weaving and how to build your own loom in this free video .
the passenger side of a car needs to be reinstilled after replacing automotive carpet . discover how to properly reinstall car carpet with tips from a certified master mechanic in this free video on automotive maintenance .
scales are very important to know for any mandolin player . learn tips on how to play a major scale on the mandolin from a musician in this free video clip .
how to serve spanish tapas ; learn more about making traditional spanish food in this free cooking video .
using raw egg , coriander and spices , learn how to make a french toast sandwich in this free recipe video .
here are some tips on how to budget when recording music at home .
learn how to do a cross punch in jeet kune do in this free martial arts lesson video from a kung fu master .
retro 1970s clothing prominently featured bell bottom jeans . learn about other popular clothing trends in the 1970s from a retro fashion specialist in this free fashion video .
learn about mixing the ingredients needed to make absinthe in this free home brew video from our professional bartender .
cleaning a fish tank can be done by switching the air-powered filter to an electrical power filter or using protein skimmers to pull out oils . get rid of fish tank bubbles with tips from the manager of a fish pet store in this free video on pet care .
using the linear burn feature , in photoshop , is a great way to clean up the appearance of your animated fire . learn more about the layers and layers of the animated fire from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
one of the best kind of squash is the kyoto region of japan . learn about zucchini and other heirloom seeds from an expert in this free gardening video .
the folkloric hagalla walk in belly dancing is similar to a merengue movement . learn egyptian belly dancing haggalla walk from an instructor in this free belly dance video .
keep etchant in a tupperware container . learn how to etchant copper in this free electronics video .
learn about pant length and petite women 's fashion in this free clothing style and dress video .
success has to do with balance . learn to analyze success with tips from a communications expert in this free video on achieving goals .
proper poker etiquette includes being courteous to both the players and the dealers at the table . learn more about poker etiquette in this free video series that will have you behaving like a poker pro in no time .
the best and most fun cardio workout is a twenty-minute cardio workout that incorporates running , lunges and bicep curls . do a 20 minute cardio workout with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on home fitness .
be ready for any serve in tennis . learn how to prepare for a serve in doubles tennis in this free tennis lesson from a professional coach .
learn how to engage creatures on ladders in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
how to start from the low section when combing hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
repair and assemble the parts of the hayward pool vac ultra . pool cleaning tips from an expert .
how to add clouds to a hand painted nail art beach scene ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
learn how to apply acrylic nail polish to nails for a french manicure in this free online video on beauty salon treatments .
adjusting dynamic in a pro tools scribble screen is done by adjusting the ratio , meters and attack of the program . adjust dynamic in the scribble stage of a document with tips from an experienced producer and engineer in this free video .
the whammy guitar effect is great for raggae , rap/rock , and many other genres of music . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
the two bar count in pro tools is important for beginning a recording session . record and edit music easily and quickly with a basic pro tools set up using tips from an experienced recording engineer in this free video on music recording .
learn how to prepare to home school kids in this free home schooling and tutoring video clip .
are you helping your car with a flat tire ? learn how to break free lug nuts on a tire with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
add depth to your eye makeup with a crease shade . learn how to blend eyeshadow in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
for orchestra conducting , the majority of the motions will be done with the right hand . learn more about orchestra motions with tips from an experienced conductor in this free conducting video .
how to choose the right bell for playing the traditional west african percussion instrument ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
take the last bit of clay in the bottom and throw it in the belly . learn how to throw a large clay pot on the pottery wheel in this free ceramics video .
learn how to use a metal cupcake tin when making pumpkin spiced cupcakes with expert baking tips in this free recipe dessert video on making pumpkin spice cupcakes .
learn about finance gadgets in igoogle in order to personalize your homepage with google gadgets with tips from a google products expert in this free internet software lesson video .
learn how to do roll setup when whitewater kayaking . this free video clip series will discuss and teach you some valuable maneuvers you might need the next time you 're on the water .
the f major lydian mode is a scale on the saxophone that begins on the fourth note of the f major scale . play the whole scale in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced saxophone instructor in this free video .
when massaging the gluteal muscles in massage , warm up the area in order to avoid tenderness and soreness . warm up and prepare the muscles for massaging with tips from a certified massage therapist in this free massage video .
automation in logic pro 8 software in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
learn how to do the shuffle step combination from an expert in basic step aerobics in this free instructional video lesson on basic step aerobic exercise and routines .
practice with a spotter . learn how to do a back handspring in gymnastics from a professional gymnastics instructor .
learn how to use a pole for leg extensions in this free fitness video .
play this violin piece slowly to avoid pomp and circumstance . learn how to play the violin version of `` dead rising '' in this free music lesson video from an expert violinist .
for a ceramic vase , opening the clay on the wheel is done by pressing in and squeezing the clay . see how to open a clay vase on the potter 's wheel in this free ceramics video .
adding baking powder to red velvet cake is easy when you know how to properly mix it . learn how in this free recipe video .
picaridin is a relatively new product in insect repellent . learn more about the dangers of picaridine with tips from an outdoorsman in this free insect prevention video .
everybody loves flowers . learn what you need to create an origami flower in this free video clip .
adding videos to myspace is easy with these tips , learn all about myspace accounts , profiles , videos , and photos in this free video .
perform the bo staff two-handed downward flower technique by placing the staff shoulder width apart . get bo staff technique tips for doing a two-hand downward flower in this free video on bo staff techniques .
creating a chair for a bedroom collage can be a creative way to spice up your home 's decor . learn how to create a creative collage in this free video series .
making a tinder for a survival tinder is starting with an oak . learn how to make tinder and fire from a survival expert in this free outdoors video .
play along with the cycle of fourths arpeggios to improve your technique . learn about playing upright bass c major cycle of 4ths arpeps in this free stringed instrument video from a jazz and classical bassist .
taorluath is a gaelic word that puts four notes between two notes on the bagpipe chanter . learn how to play taorluaths in bagpipes with free video lessons from a bagpipe teacher .
play the first five notes of the e flat major scale on two strings . learn upright bass scales in half position in this free stringed instrument video lesson from a music teacher .
after learning calligraphy , look back at your model and figure out what 's done right or wrong . learn about practice for calligraphers in this free art video .
play four long bows on an open g string . learn how to play part five of `` scarborough fair '' on upright bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
when painting a mural , create separation between the mountains and the water . paint a wall mural with tips from a professional artist in this free video on painting .
hammond b3 organ players can adjust the percussion settings according to the style of the music they are playing . adjust the panning and harmonics of the panoramic keyboard using the music tips in this free video organ lesson from an experienced church organist .
when caring for a pet parrot , make sure to keep the cage clean includes food and water dish . keep a child safe with tips from the owner of a pet store in this free pet care video .
natural makeup can bring out your eyes . get tips for applying pigments to your eyes in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
to make an origami paper airplane , fold the paper into an x-acto shape and use folding techniques to make the flaps and legs of the paper airplane . make a paper airplane with folding instructions from a graphic artist in this free video on japanese origami .
a living trust is an instrument whereby trustees transfer assets to a trustee for benefit of beneficiaries . create a living trust and avoid probate and estate taxes with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
learn how to play the diminished triad 1st inversion piano chord in this free video music series that will teach you how to utilize one of the essentials of mastering the piano - playing diminished chords .
what is a power supply ? learn how to install a computer power supply in this free video clip .
the counter space for a capital m letter should be small . learn how to write upper case letters m through r in cursive italic calligraphy in this free art video from a professional calligrapher .
find out how to say common phrases for transportation , luggage and baggage in portuguese , in this free language lesson video taught by a portuguguese language expert .
an earache is caused by sinus congestion . learn more about causes of earaches with tips from a childcare specialist in this free video on massage .
eating junk from the pantry is a healthy way to avoid junk food . learn how to eliminate junk food from a diet expert in this free healthy diet video .
stretching the calves for martial arts is important to increase flexibility . learn a calf stretch from our muay thai expert in this free video clip .
practice belly dancing double bump to prepare for a 3/4 shimmy . learn drills to improve your belly dancing moves in this free belly dance lesson from a professional belly dancing performer and instructor .
learn how to make a telephone wire necklace with expert wire jewelry making tips and advice in this free online crafting video clip .
learn about cutting the sides for a bookshelf from a carpentry expert in this free woodworking video .
instructions for the feminine features of your female bust sculpture including posture and balance ; learn tips , tricks and techniques for creating beautiful sculpture in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
when training for an off-road triathlon , work on moderate and moderate weights and high repetitions . learn more about strength training for the triathlon with tips from professional triathlete in this free iron man video .
there are many varieties of dairy goats that come from different places and are adapted for different purposes . learn to choose one goat for dairy farming from an organic farmer in this free dairy farming video .
canned cat food is better because it is less likely to spoil or go bad during the day . care for cats and kittens alike properly with tips from an experienced animal care giver in this free video clip on pet care tips .
there are seven hand positions on the violin neck each with it 's own specific qualities for each key . learn how to play the violin f major scale in the 2nd hand position from an experienced musician in these free violin lesson videos .
an antiques expert explains the different shapes of antique pink luster in this free video clip about antique collecting .
personalize a bridal bouquet by adding ribbon to the handle . add ribbon with a silk flower arrangement with tips from a floral designer in this free video on wedding flowers .
learn how to massage the knee cap area with japanese shiatsu massage to relieve stress and tension with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
the main purpose of wedging clay is to extract air out of the clay . learn to wedge clay from an artist in this free ceramics and pottery video .
the slice swing plane is a golf club that cuts across the golf ball ; learn pro golf tips for fixing , curing a slice in this free golf lesson video .
learn how to hit an outside fastball in baseball with expert baseball tips in this free sports instruction video clip .
take care of whole grains and save money on long term storage ; explore hot cereals and healthy alternatives to oatmeal in this free video on whole grain cereal tips .
panel interviews are typically done with several different people from the company . learn about panel types of job interviews in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
the pantry is a great area for storing ware ware , rags and dish towels . learn about pantry storage possibilities when moving into a new kitchen with expert tips in this free instructional moving video .
becoming a police officer requires passing an exam , attending police academy and being sponsored by a local agency . get the police officer job with tips from an experienced police officer in this free law enforcement career video .
when playing saxophone arpeggios in the key of e flat , the dominant seventh chord is a dominant seventh . play saxophone chords in the scale of an e flat with tips from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
learn how to calculate area for shingles for a building or remodeling project in this free home improvement video from a remodeling expert .
learn how to pronounce the letter b for ventriloquists with expert voice throwing tips from a professional comedian in this free online voice lesson video clip .
blues drum beats are great to play in a party environment where there are many instruments around . learn tips on how to play a blues drum beat in this free video clip from a drum expert .
correcting a golf ball that is below your feet will subtract distance from your swing and cause you to slice . learn a few tips for correcting this mistake from a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
you have to hear about these bizarre hollywood stories about bela lugosi . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to approach pigs in this free online video about pig care .
a clarinet has a lot of key corks that are very important to the playability of your instrument . learn how to replace a clarinet key in this free clarinet care and maintenance video from an expert in instrument repair .
when making a calender , use tissue paper to stick pictures on . fold tissue paper for a calendar with the tips in this free video on calender gift projects from an arts and crafts teacher .
the bridge is a core exercise that works glutes , abdominals and the lower back . learn how to do the bridge core exercise with stability balls in this free exercise video from a certified fitness trainer .
when creating bling text , use the opacity feature and add a layer of color to enhance the appearance . learn more about the layer styles and texture from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
the first third of a large ceramic cone will form the base . learn how to form a cone with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn how to add designs to decorative gourd art in this free online video arts and crafts lesson .
a proper cardio vascular training program should incorporate strength training , frequency and time . discover how to add cardio to a workout routine with expert tips an athletic trainer in this free physical fitness video .
how to mix the flour and a food processor for peanut butter and fudge cookies ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
what are some external components for computer power supply and how does one connect inputs ? learn in this free video .
make sure to thoroughly clean a pool . pool cleaning supplies include a telescopic pole , pool clearances and a vacuum hose . clean pool supplies with tips from a pool supply store manager in this free video on swimming pools .
regulator clocks were initially designed to be highly accurate . learn about regulator clocks in this free video on collecting antique connecticut clocks from an experienced antique clock collector .
watch and learn how to play a basic drum beat variation that has the bass drum , or kick drum , on beats 1 and 2 , and the snare on beats 2 and 4 , in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
when sanding a door , use a light sanding technique to smooth up the surface . prepare a door for painting with tips from a professional painter in this free video on home improvement .
learn how to chop egg for creole shrimp crab salad with expert cooking tips in this free creole cuisine video clip .
learn how to cover sports stories as a professional sports broadcaster with expert broadcasting tips in this free online sports journalism video clip .
customer relations in a customer service center is very important and can lead to a lot of bad behavior . learn some tips for dealing with garbage from a professional seamstress in this free video .
how to do a tasseled wave braid for some quick and easy hairstyles ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
flipping nunchucks through your legs is an important defensive technique in aikido . flip nunchuck through your leg with tips from a third-degree black belt in this free martial arts weapons video .
how to tune a snare drum ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
learn how to properly wear a life jacket when kayaking in this free boating video on kayaking and canoeing for beginners .
when making a calender , use the old calendar as an organizing tool . fold and assemble a calendar with the crafts tips in this free video on calender gift projects from an arts and crafts teacher .
learn how to do the broadsword flower wushu technique in this free kung fu video .
learn how to choose a place for a beauty pageant and get professional tips and advice from an expert on how to organize and direct a successful pageant event in this free fashion video .
learn how to play the level all chilled up in call of duty 4 : modern warfare with expert tips , advice , and a detailed walk through in this free military video game video clip .
defending a samurai sword strike is easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
strengthen your core muscles with the plank exercise . learn how to do the plank core exercise with free weights in this free fitness video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
how to prepare your image for glue on when silkscreening your own t-shirts ; get professional tips and advice on screen printing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free video .
in belly dancing , a reverse belly roll will work the two centers of abdominal muscles , the lower and upper abs . learn to do reverse belly rolls in belly dancing with instructions from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
when jogging , make sure to have nice straight arms , avoid going from side to side and maintain proper foot placement . maintain proper body form when jogging with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on running .
how to understand the roots of flower bulbs ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on picking , buying , and planting flower bulbs in this free gardening video .
how to pick soil for house plants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for indoor plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
stretch your hamstrings and calves to prevent injury ; learn how to do hamstring stretches for long muscles in this free video on fitness for kids .
laser hair removal is 98 percent to 99 percent permanent because the laser travels down the hair and kills the hair root and therefore requires repeated treatments to eliminate the hair follicles . find out why repeated treatments for laser hair removal are not 100 percent permanent with advice from an aesthetician in this free video on laser hair
pinot noir is the most versatile red wine that can be paired with many things , including salmon , beef , mushrooms and more . learn more about how to pair pinots noir with food with tips from a wine expert in this free wine video on wine .
when cleaning a shower curtain , it 's important to bring in a disinfectant spray once a week to kill all dead skin cells . clean the shower curtain with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
sculpture requires a variety of art tools . learn how to use the half round riffler tool in this free art lesson video .
digital cameras can have battery problems . get tips for troubleshooting your digital camera in this free video clip about taking professional digital pictures .
learn about analyzing your speed during hard turns on a cyclocross bike from an expert in this free instructional biking video .
learn how to add toppings to a breakfast in bed meal in this free breakfast food cooking video .
plumeria plants are easy plants to grow and can be grown from cuttings . learn how to grow plumeria plants in this free video on gardening .
in fashion design , a sports bra back is a great way to sport and engage the whole body . learn to design beach boy shorts and lingerie bottoms from a designer in this free fashion illustration video .
it is important to supplement your gecko 's diet to prevent health problems . learn how to care for a leopard gecko from a reptile expert in this free pet care video .
playing guitar using hammer ons and pull offs is a great way to spice up your musical sound . learn to play lead guitar in b minor from a seasoned musician in this free guitar video .
using free weights to strengthen the oblique muscles is a great way to prevent injury and increase blood flow . strengthen obliques with free weights with tips from a fitness director in this free exercising video .
learn to use the props descriptions of the celtx screenwriting software project library in this free screenwriting video .
learn the basics of how to ski from an expert ski instructor in this free step-by-step skiing video .
basic crossover dribble in basketball . learn basic techniques for getting around defenders in this free basketball lesson from an experienced player .
for the collage layer , start by taking what are the pieces that are underneath all of the other pieces more . work with layers for a collage piece with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
keep your hands inside a baseball . learn how to stay on top of a baseball when swinging at a pitch .
get the proper ingredients needed to make german potato pancakes ; learn more about traditional german food in this free cooking video .
learn some great tips for practicing the sixty beats per minute approach to scale playing in this free music video on how to approach and play different scales on guitar .
learn this and more about wushu , a traditional chinese martial art in this free martial arts video series .
the saturation level in photoshop is what tells you that your prints are oversaturated . learn to use the saturation levels in this free photoshop tutorial video .
yoga back postures are great for elongating the spine and moving the spine . learn tips on how and why this is from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
learn how to rise the price of guts poker in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
spring is the time for new life , new growth and ideas . learn how to transition from winter to spring in this free body detoxification video from a personal trainer .
if the rules of some dice games make it so that if you use less than the full amount of rolls for your turn , you can force your opponents to use the same number . learn how to play the dice game , `` ship , captain and crew , '' in this free gaming video .
ludwig van beethoven was one of the greatest music composers in history and this piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
trimming the base of a large ceramic pitcher should be done with a needle tool . learn how to trim a pitcher with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
looking for self defense moves ? learn how to strike an attacker who is defanging the snake in this free video about self defense techniques for women .
learn how to close and inspect your decorative pillows once they are complete with expert sewing instructions from a seamstress in this free home decoration video clip .
learn how to move in heroscape in this free video series that will show you how to play the basic version of the table top rpg heroscape game .
looking for a natural makeup look ? learn how to hire a professional for your summer glow in this free makeup tips video from a professional makeup artist .
moisturizers are important prior to surgery . learn how to moisturize the skin before surgery in this free skin care video form a licensed medical aesthetician .
learn how to do cramp rolls in advanced tap dancing with expert tap dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online advanced dance lesson and choreography video clip .
learn how to mount a photo onto poster board in this free art collection and hobbies video .
to properly use a voltage meter , make sure that the meter is set up to the voltage setting , check the v for a low squiggly line and the c for an amp reading . use the correct voltage meter with tips from a general contractor in this free video on home maintenance and repairs .
 patch art is an art form that requires a lot of thought and creativity . design and create unique patch art with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
gripping a screwball is similar to gripping a four-seam fastball in softball . learn tips on the correct way to grip screwballs in this free baseball video from a softball coach .
jump rope double jump is a jump rope technique for kickboxing fitness that is performed by jumping rope while jumping rope . learn the double jump jump roping technique in this free kickboarding fitness video .
all fire extinguishers should be maintained on a regular basis . learn how to properly maintain a fire extinguisher from an fire marshal in this free safety video .
centering and trimming a ceramic teapot base ensures a symmetrical finished piece . center and trim a ceramic bottleneck tea pot with tips from an artist in this free video on ceramics and pottery .
how to plan end grain on a block plane ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on carpentry tools in this free home improvement video .
learn tips on how to write the word 'grin ' with the chinese radical of mouth in this free video clip on chinese characters and foreign languages .
maintain your japanese boxwoods ! learn how to keep your plants healthy in this free gardening video clip .
learn how to make henna embellished art with some help from a henna expert in this free arts and crafts holiday video on making henna art designs for kids .
in halo 3 , the flood likes to jump in behind the players , while playing the video games with expert tips and advice on video games in this free xbox 360 instructional video .
doubling down means to double your money . learn tips for dealing cards in blackjack in this free video clip about becoming a blackjack card dealer .
learn how to play blues music chords in the key of b flat on the flute from a professional flutist in this free music lesson video about musical instruments and music theory .
making an actors club page in this free series of web site creation clips from our experienced internet consultant .
surprise and astound your friends with this fun bar trick called round bar in this free video clip .
for shrimp with indian-spiced potatoes , start the stock first . find out how to make stock for shrimp in indian cuisine with expert tips from a professional chef in this free video about easy shrimp recipes .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to remove pine needles from a pool screen enclosure in this free online video about home pool care .
to become a security officer in oregon , a person must pass an eight hour class and pass a test . learn more about what to expect to be sworn in as a security guard in the state of oregon with tips from a veteran security officers in this free video .
the expenses of a personal trainer vary on the type of business that they have . learn about personal trainer expenses with advice from an athletic trainer in this free video on personal training .
how to play four on the floor drum beats ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
hand wear for snowballs should include leather mittens , wool liners and gloves . select the right hand wear for snowball throwing with tips from a seasoned snowball engineer in this free video on snowballs .
upbow an upright bass on a higher note . learn how to play part five of `` auld lang syne '' on upright bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
learn tips and techniques on how to make a round challah loaves with raisins in this free recipe video clip .
the fan chant is important in filipino dancing to teach young women not to be bad . learn more about fan chants and dancing from a professional indian dancer in this free dance lesson video .
diamond certificates are a formal way to appraise a diamond . learn all about them in this free diamond video .
how to do the first clay pull for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
sitting in a saddle for six hours is a great idea for a rider . learn how to compare a synthetic or leather saddle with tips from a ranch owner in this free horse care video .
in fashion design , it 's important to render the sunglasses in half at the bridge of the nose . learn to draw square sunglasses from a designer in this free fashion illustration video .
in order to delete e-mail messages from microsoft outlook , click on the `` ex '' button in the menu bar and select the `` delete '' button from the menu . keep an internet inbox as clean as possible by deleting e-mails with tips from an internet business consultant in this free video on internet tools
sanding equipment for body waxing should be swept before each client arrives . learn about equipment for waxing in this free waxing and grooming video about how to become a hair stylist .
yoga is great for building strength in the upper body . learn how to do yoga for upper body strength in this free video .
off-track betting in the united states does not have a live track with horses or dogs running . learn about off-track bets in this free video series .
learn what materials you will need to begin building your basement in this free home improvement video .
add a website to your microsoft windows favorites list by clicking on the start menu and selecting internet explorer to help you import or export links and learn more about this great computer program in this free video .
to play rock patterns on base drum , learn a one , two , three and four count . practice playing rock beats on the base drum with expert tips from a professional drummer in this free video about how to play rock beats .
charles de beriot ii was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
sake is not a distilled beverage , but rather it 's easy to drink . discover sake tasting misconceptions from a sommelier in this free video about sake .
fitting a bra is very important . get tips for fitting a bra in this free video on women 's lingerie .
the different parts of a bass bow include the hair of the bow and the screw . learn more about bass bows and their parts in this free violin lesson from a music teacher .
so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on the string winder and thumb picks .
finding the proper memory for a mac computer is done by looking at the dell 's website for drivers and downloads . find the correct memory to have on a mac with tips from an experienced computer user in this free video on computers .
the best sunscreens for oily skin are products that are completely oil-free , that have a high spf , that exfoliate the skin easily and that offer a hydrating properties . avoid using moisturizers on oily skin to keep the skin healthy with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this
part 2 - learn how to space plants for a home vegetable garden in this free organic gardening video . get beginner gardening tips & ideas .
the bounce pass drill can improve you agility and ball control . get expert tips and advice on dribbling and shooting in basketball in this free video .
learn the rib cage breath technique in this free video clip .
learn how to cut the lumber to install a bi-fold door from a professional contractor in this free video on home remodeling and construction .
organize bookmarks on a computer by creating a folder for each page and organizing them according to their address . organize bookmarks easily and quickly with tips from an internet guru in this free video on how to use internet browser features .
applying the finish to a chair being repaired is as involved as sanding the wood . learn about sanding wood from a woodworker in this free home carpentry video .
adding cucumber and other ingredients to the typical greek dish tzatziki . learn about greek eating , improving digestion , and general nutrition in this free video .
the c sharp minor scale begins on the second note of the c sharp major scale . play an e major minor scale on saxophone with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
there are countless tap dance moves and combinations . learn how to do a flap heel step tap dance move from our expert dancer in this free video clip on beginning tap dancing .
learn tips on the spinnaker release dog harness in this free instructional video clip about the dogsled race in iditarod .
practice bo staff overhead strikes by bringing the left hand in and right hand out and striking outward . practice overhead strikes with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on the bo staff .
watch as a seasoned diyer demonstrates how to remove solder from pipes before sweating ( joining and soldering ) them in this free online video about home repair .
learn oracle cards from a professional tarot reader in this free fortune-telling video .
by matching objects with pictures , you are teaching your child how to identify shapes and words . learn how to play a game with objects in this free educational video about montessori methods .
choose wholesome , healthy whole foods for your diet including whole fruits and vegetables and dairy . learn how to improve your diet by choosing healthy , wholesome foods in this free video .
learn more tips on how to do the double handles exercise with a kinesis system in this free fitness video on functional exercise training with the scule reule system .
learn how to use the coluzzle system in this free video series .
learn about the main referee in soccer , called the refs , in this free how-to video on the basics and rules of soccer .
use your fingers to smooth sand on your rock garden . learn how to make a chinese garden in this free crafts video .
clay pottery requires patience and detail with every tool you use to hand craft your piece . learn about clay forming tips that you will need from a pottery expert to create a pitcher in this free video clip .
discover the different parts of the dumutef guard version of the table top rpg heroscape game and learn how to read it in this free video series that will show you how to play the basic hpg card .
when buying a garden hose , choose between a half inch and five eighths inch hose with a rubber rubber hose that wo n't kink up . buy the right garden hose with tips from a landscaper in this free video on gardening and lawn care .
combine your two favorite college recipes with ramen macaroni and cheese ! learn how to bake the cheese in this free mac and cheese recipe from a professional caterer .
learn how to serve orange honey glazed chicken wings in this free online video cooking lesson .
learn how to display a baby stroller in this free educational video clip about party appetizer recipes .
learn how to play fall out boy 's 'ugar we 're going down ' and other popular songs in this free video clip series that will have you playing everyone 's favorite songs on guitar in no time .
learn how to use the pool feature in cubase music recording software in this free online video tutorial .
pet turtles often react to being pets . learn to care for pet turtles with tips from the owner of a reptile store in this free pet care video .
the stability of lampranthus is dependent on the weather , which can be very difficult to grow in , but they can be grown in several different conditions . plant and care for ice bulbs with tips from a gardening specialist in this free video on plant and flower care .
great for parties ! learn about seasoning tips for chicken wings in this free appetizer recipe from our professional chef .
aquarium turtles like eating plants , water plants that grow in the wild and ponds in algae . explore turtle food with tips from a reptile specialist in this free video on turtle care .
learn how to chop chocolate for cookies from an expert baker in this free recipe video about how to make delicious peanut butter chocolate cookies .
learn how to cut tofu for an easy korean soon tobu ji gae recipe with expert cooking tips in this free korean cuisine video clip .
learn tips on what the offensive line does during a reverse trick play in this free video clip on football .
how to properly tune a wood block when playing a violin ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on music theory and playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
how to use markers and watercolors for creating a clay pottery art project for kids ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson on video about art projects for kids taught by expert pamela grier .
in math , a proportion is an equation that says two ratios are equal . solve problems using proportions with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
learn how to properly use floor mats to winterize your car , extend its life , and improve safety in this free vehicle maintenance and safety video .
when doing a long tail cast on in knitting , put a hand on the yarn like a fist . do a longtail cast on with tips from a knitting instructor in this free video on yarn crafts .
digital technology has improved over the years . learn the history of hearing aid technology from an audiologist in this free health video .
get tips for making the lemon zest lemon for tomato and feta salad in this free video recipe .
in fashion design , a rounded chelsea collar is longer in length and looks more over . learn to draw rounded chelisea collar designs with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
learn how to assemble the paper for a window valentine 's day craft project in this free craft video .
learn how to make a handmade congratulations card and more in this free arts and crafts video taught by an expert .
taping cables for video production is extremely important for the safety of the audience . learn about tapeing cables and how to use gaffers tape when recording video with tips from a multimedia technician in this free video on broadcasting and entertainment .
get tips for topping tomato and cucumber salad with yogurt dressing in this free video recipe .
losing five pounds in five days is possible with monitoring blood sugar levels and maintaining energy . safely lose five pounds with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
when installing a car jack to rotate the wheels , make sure the jack is in a sturdy place that 's part of the structure of the vehicle . learn to install a vehicle jack with tips from an automotive repair specialist in this free video on car tires .
as soon as you put two pigments together you 're going to have a somewhat dull pigment . learn how to paint secondary colors from an art instructor in this free color theory video .
the albysjon is a vodka-based mixed drink that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
learn how to properly clean and replace battery terminals to winterize your car , extend its life , and improve safety in this free vehicle maintenance and safety video .
trying new makeup applications ? learn how to use a sponge to apply makeup in this free beauty and fashion video clip .
learn how to decorate the finished tiramisu dessert recipe from our expert in this free dessert recipe video on making a delicious spanish food recipe .
all the intricacies of floating dance steps in this free dance lesson video from an expert filipino dancer .
play the `` beatnik poet '' game in improv . learn how to play improv games to practice acting skills in this free video on theatre and performance .
adding black , black and many other beads to your gothic bracelet will allow you to attach them to the other end of the bracelet . learn more in this free video series .
learn how to fold an odd-shaped dress in this free online instructional video featuring expert folding advice .
make sure the device is unplugged before opening it . learn about safety in vintage audio equipment in this free vintage electronics restoration video .
accordion solitaire is a game that can get a good score at most of the time if players sit and think about all the moves they make . identify solitaire dilemmas with expert tips from a professional card player in this free video about solitaire card games .
mark the center of the board with the placement of beads . learn how to make a window valance pattern with seashells in this free crafts video .
finding yin and yang , in tai chi , is important for performing full and empty movements . learn more about full and emptiness in your legs from an authentic teacher in this free martial arts video .
leopard handles basic mouse features very efficiently . learn how to use mouse features in leopard from a computer specialist in this free computer software video .
learn how to detail the design on a clay tile table in this free ceramics video lesson .
in kung fu , turn out of the way and twist the wrist to defend against the forward knife thrust . prepare for the worst with these self defense tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
get an overview of the anatomy of a razor scooter in this free sports recreation video from our razor scootering expert .
there are dozens of ways to play a dm ( d minor ) guitar chord and only one way to do that is to play harmony notes up and down the guitar neck . learn one specific way to play in the key of dm from a guitar expert in this free video clip .
learn what shovels you need to cut your black eyed susan plant in this free gardening video clip .
how to build the c major chord on the guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
how to use a six inch buffer wheel on a bench grinder ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sharpening tools , shaping and polishing metal in this free instructional video .
ski jacket is crucial to snowboard safety . choose the correct snowboard jacket with tips from a snowboarding enthusiast in this free extreme sports video .
flux helps a sauder adhere to copper panels . learn more about adhesion in copper foiling with this free crafting video about supplies for copper foil projects .
emo cartoons are darker and more creative than normal cartoons . draw emo cartoons with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
learn how nutrients support your metabolism with expert health tips in this free online metabolism video clip .
cutting and sewing is an important step in mastering your bag . learn how to create your own masterpieces in this free video series that will have you mastering sewing projects in no time .
when applying kicks from outside position , be sure to include the knee , midsection , knee and kidneys . learn how to apply kicks to outside position in self defense with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free women 's self defense video .
kansetsu waza is a basic kokyunage technique that is easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
acupuncture is a good alternative medicine to help migraine symptoms . learn tips on how and why this is and how acupuncture can help from an acupuncture expert in this free video clip .
how to play a holding pattern on church organ and keyboard ; get expert tips and instruction on playing organs and other musical instruments for church in this free music lesson video .
before scanning scanned drawings in a scanner , prepare them for scanning . learn to scan scanned drawings before painting in a digitized drawing in this free flash tutorial from a professional graphic designer .
the wheel pose of yoga begins with reaching back with the hips and flattening the shoulders . learn advanced yoga poses and twists like the wheel pose from an instructor in this free yoga video .
the dress of a business can reflect a company 's hierarchy , as men are less formal than full business suits . learn how to take a job in the changing job environment in this free career video .
the standing lunge is a yoga posture that stretches the inner groin and keeps the body healthy . practice the standing lungee with tips from an experienced yoga instructor in this free video on yoga exercises .
learn how to cut out snowmen chains for christmas tree angels in this free video clip about easy christmas crafts .
attire collars are an important part of painting the portrait of a girl . learn more about attaching the collars of your girl sketches from a professional artist in this free painting video .
the cha cha cha step is a basic cha cha that involves rocking back and forth on a single cha cha , alternating from front to back and incorporating latin dance steps . dance the cha cha-cha cha step with a demonstration from a professional ballroom dance instructor in this free video on dance .
learn how to store stuffed animal toys in this free video on baby toys and safety .
g played with the fourth finger , on the g string , is the third scale degree in the b harmonic minor violin scale . play the violin in the key of g minor with tips and advice from an experienced musician and violinist in this free video on music theory .
watch and learn how to do the basic how-to technique for stilts in this free circus tricks video on tips for using , owning , and jumping stilts .
how to mix colors for making hand painted nail art ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
the d major , along with every other scale , has different modes which are determined by the starting and ending note played in the scale . learn how to play the fourth mode called the lydian mode from an expert violinist in this free video clip .
playing chromatics on the organ with hands and feet is a key part of improving organ skills for gospel music . play organ chromatics with hands as well as feet with music tips in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
how to dice peppers for a spanish omelette ; get expert tips and advice on making traditional cuban breakfast recipes in this free cooking video .
how to understand rhythm when reading guitar tab ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
learn about jewelry for a summer sun dress in this free fashion video clip .
learn the benefits of using contortionism in this free online series of health fitness videos from our expert gymnast .
how to develop your watercolor painting technique by studying whole paintings ; tips and techniques for how to begin painting with watercolors in this free online art video taught by expert larry dubitsky .
swedish massage hot stones release pressure in the rhomboid muscles between shoulder blades . learn about hot stone massage therapy techniques in this free health video .
how to create a new document in microsoft word ; learn more about mail merge tools in this free instructional video .
learn how to register for an nhra car-racing event and learn how from our professional driver in this free drag video on nhra event registration .
children often do better under chiropractic care than adults do . learn about reasons for having kids adjusted at the chiropractor in this free video on medical issues from an experienced chiropractor .
get rid of blackheads by using hot compresses to open the pores . learn more ways to get rid of dead skin with expert tips from a beauty professional in this free video about acne and blemishes .
a diamond expert explains the difference between diamond sieves in this free video about diamonds .
learn all about women 's roller derby in this free instructional video on starting a roller derby team .
using forms in excel is done by clicking on the data menu , selecting the form and entering in the new information that is being created along with rca cables . create a new purchaser of an excel form with tips from an experienced excel user in this free video on computer software .
on upright bass , c minor will be a relative minor scale . learn about the upright bass major minor scale in this free stringed instrument video on octave scales from a music teacher .
how to sharpen a chain saw ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on sharpening gardening tools in this free instructional video .
in order to throw a hook in boxing , a boxer should stay tight and bring the body weight back to the middle . throw hooks in boxing with tips from a boxing coach and trainer in this free instructional video on beginner boxing tips .
tips for attacking the line of scrimmage . learn how to read the snap with expert tips and advice on the defensive tackle position in this free video clip on football .
learn how to color a kid 's valentine 's day card with markers in order to make that special someone feel appreciated in this free video series .
learn how to play seether 's 'broken ' and other popular songs in this free video clip series that will have you playing everyone 's favorite songs on guitar in no time .
wrapping extra yarn around the needle and going underneath the chain is one way to finish crocheting the second row . learn how to finish the first row in this free crochet video lesson .
run a block of wood over and over again to create interesting text . learn more about experimenting with printing large prints with wood and linoleum blocks in this free woodworking lesson from a printmaking instructor .
when building a campfire , there are a number of safety issues that everyone should keep in mind . learn how in this free cold weather camping video guide .
when playing gospel music on the hammond organ , add flare to licks by playing shorter versions of a scale . play a gospel groove on a hammond b3 organ with the music tips in this free video organ lesson from a church organist .
castle foundations are key to the survival of sandcastle . learn how to build a base for the sandcastle in this free summer beach survival video from an expert sandcastle builder .
after the outer wall has been built and the turrets are placed in the building areas that must be protected . learn how to build a fly fishing castle in this free summer beach game video from an expert sandcastle builder .
clean vcr electronics heads by using a cleaning tape that has been professionally recorded and then ejecting the tape . keep vcr heads looking nice and clean with tips from a videographer in this free video on electronics .
in this free pet care video lesson on how to massage the stomach and genital area of your dog .
book cheap flights on the internet ! learn how to find cheap flights for friends and family in this free video .
using a chair , learn how to do the sissy squat with an overhead triceps extension in this free exercise video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
escrima , like other martial arts , has a fighting style called central strikes . learn how to do central strikes with a stick in this free martial arts video .
keep intruders out of your home by installing gates that are tall enough and high enough for children to reach . childproof home gates with tips from a parenting specialist in this free home safety video .
in feng shui design , yin and yang opposites are represented by things such as tall , short , dark , ornate and plain . learn some examples of extreme yin architectural design from a feng tui practitioner in this free home decor video .
big dinosaurs with very weak teeth . learn all about brontosaurus in this free dinosaur information video from a science expert .
for juggling four balls , the 631 site swaps have a high vertical throw with two low crosses underneath . perform 631 sites swaps for four ball juggling with tips from a juggling enthusiast in this free video on hobbies .
tone upper body muscles with bicep curls . learn resistance band exercises for upper body muscle in this free video .
learn how to properly repair a baritone saxophone and get professional instruction for playing this versatile and beautiful instrument in this free music lesson video .
for people who work from home , it 's ok to wear dress clothes and skip the shower . avoid dressing in sweats when working at home with tips from a freelance writer in this free video on working from home .
playing an isolated double drum beat on strokes three and four in an eight-count measure with the left hand creates a quick sense of 16th notes . play this isolated double-beat variation on a snare drum with tips and advice from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
in golf , the square right hand grip is great for attacking the ball . try the free golf tip for having a better grip and swing in this video golf lesson .
learn all about the sexy latin dance the cha cha from a professional dance coach in this free dance lesson video clip .
advice for joining a `` world of warcraft '' alliance . learn how to play travian online in this free video tutorial series with travians and gaming authority .
how to avoid getting yes and no answers in video interviews from an experienced interviewer in this free film production video .
when adding an internal hard drive to a computer , try using an ide cable to set up the back drive . add an internal drive with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computers .
learn about love coupons as a christmas gift for your boyfriend with expert tips on christmas presents in this free video clip .
reading home drug test instructions is very important . learn the importance of going to a drug store to read the instructions for taking home drug tests with tips from a certified medical assistant in this free drug testing video .
how to do the single back cutting technique for cutting and layering curly hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
drawing a skyscraper in three-point perspective changes . learn how to draw buildings in two-dimensional design from an artist in this free video art lesson .
teeth impressions are a great way to whiten your teeth . learn more about in-office teeth whitening impressions from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
learn how to build a nitrogen cycle for goldfish with tips from a goldfish expert in this free pet care video .
learn how to mix the seasoning for garlic salt , black pepper , garlic powder , onion powder , paprika , and paprika in this free video series .
master tracks in garage band allow the user to automate the mixing process . mix and edit musical tracks with this garageband feature as an experienced music producer shows how easy it is to use .
the bottom djembe drum ring has two knots on it that are tied to loops and loops . tie drum rings on loops with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on dj drum repairs .
watch and learn how to stretch the dough to make homemade bagels in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
the over-the-head triceps stretch is a more difficult stretch for people with good range of motion . get tips on how to correctly do the over thehead tricep stretch from a former professional athlete in this free video .
the best places to find shoes and clothing at cheap retail prices is by visiting overstock dot com , zappos dot com and walmart . look for classic and classic shoes at inexpensive retail prices with tips from an experienced retail shoe store manager in this free video on fashion .
triceratops was one of the most prominent dinosaurs . learn about the role of tricerataops in dinosaur evolution in this free dinosaur information video from a science expert .
easy halloween decorations ! learn how to decorate a spiderweb table top in this free video clip about children 's party ideas .
indian food is full of interesting spices and flavors . learn how to add amchoor for indian potatoes , carrots & peas in this free recipe video .
everyone loves jackets ! learn how to pick fashionable clothing for your outfits in this free video series about how to build a woman 's wardrobe .
get a walkthrough of miscellaneous items in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
splatter shield is useful for painting with watercolors . learn how to create a watercolor splatter shield with expertise from an art teacher in this free painting video .
learn how to do shell trim on a layer cake and get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
three card poker is played with a standard deck of 52 cards , each player is dealt three cards and an ante play circle . learn how to play three card poker with instructions from an experienced card player in this free video on poker games .
looking for face painting examples ? learn how to finish a rainbow with face paints in this free video clip about easy face painting designs .
get tips on playing a basic drum beat variation that has the bass drum , or kick drum , on beats 1 and 2 , the snare on beats 2 and 4 , and 8th notes on the high hat , in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
want to make custom tshirts ? learn tips for making a custom tshirt in this free video clip about easy t-shirt designs .
dry skin is one of the main causes of wrinkles . learn how to treat dry skin with expert tips in this free wrinkle treatment and prevention video .
the revolved head-to-knee pose , in yoga , is a great maneuver to utilize in order to relax and revolve the spine . learn to perform this intricate pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
the practical benefits of what you 're teaching are more than willing to learn theory . get tips on other reasons for returning students from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
the downshift is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
it 's important , in kung fu , to keep your feet pointed in the same direction when performing the fighting stance . learn more about the kicking stance in this free martial arts video .
get an introduction to the acoustic bass and the different parts of it in this free acoustic bass video clip from a jazz and classical bassist .
plant gift baskets should have at least five plants in the back . learn how to choose plants for plant gift baskets in this free gardening video .
improve your drives and better your golf game by improving balance . learn some tips for improving your drives from our golfing professional in this free video .
every little girl loves a basket . learn how to pick a basket for a baby in this free video clip about how to decorate a baby 's easter basket .
the six eight rhythm is important in west african dance steps . learn to do a six eight step dance step with expert tips in this free dance lesson video .
keep chin parallel to the ground in hero yoga pose . learn tips on how this is done from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
when playing saxophone arpeggios in the key of b , the triad of a sharp , a sharp and d flat is used . play a saxophone a scale of b flat with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
the leather tip in the cue ball has a tendency to flatten out . learn how to mushrooming the spine of a cue ball in freestyle pool from a certified pool instructor in this free pool cues video .
straight sprints are a good way to warm up for a street race . get tips on how to do straight sprints properly from a former professional athlete in this free video .
a pedodontic dentist is a general dentist with a two-year specialty degree that concentrates on dental treatment for children . find out about the behavioral techniques used by dentists in this free oral hygiene video featuring a dentist .
using water and a grinder to toast the rice . learn how to make rice in this free video clip about party appetizer recipes .
watch as a seasoned expert demonstrates how to remove carpet stains in this free online video about professional carpet care .
belly dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn how to do t shirt arms in this free video clip on egyptian dancing .
learn the 5 rules of improvisational comedy in this free video clip .
learn the chinese symbols for pathway with tips on writing and pronouncing chinese characters from a chinese language specialist in this free video on chinese words and phrases .
folding bandannas in the pocket is one important accessory for many hip-hop artists . fold a bandanna into the pocket easily and effectively with tips from a veteran rap artist in this free video on rap culture and fashion .
paint brushes for a sign base coat are a variety of artist 's brushes that come in packs . learn how to use paint brushes on a sign with tips from a crafts enthusiast in this free sign making video .
remember to breathe and stay tall when doing one leg at a time . learn how to do one leg hops in this free pilates video .
you can repaint a belly cast that already has a design applied to it ; learn how to cast a belly in this free video .
when a cat is urinating inappropriately it is usually because they pick spots where they pea outside of their box . change the significance of a cat 's litter box spot with tips from an animal rescue volunteer in this free video on cat behavior .
clean up a clay neti pot after it 's been thrown on the potter 's wheel to give it a nice clean look . learn more about cleaning up clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
watch and learn from our experts how to do some sit up exercises in this free health and fitness video on athletic strength training exercises for performance .
the california hurricane is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
learn how to repair a clamshell break in a windshield with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
the flower pose is a yoga exercise that teaches kids to float on their toes . learn about the flower pose in kids ' yoga from a yoga instructor in this free fitness and exercise video for children .
tennis racket strings generally break down into natural gut , nylon , mono-filament polymer and multi-threaded polymer . find out how tennis racket strings are made with information from a uspta certified tennis pro in this free video on tennis equipment .
learn how to season the flour for chicken cacciatore and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert chef karl james .
the grip on a golf club is important to keep your hands on the golf club . get expert tips and advice on the correct grip for a golf swing in this free golfing instruction video .
using a chair , learn how to stretch for chair dancing from a dance instructor in this free aerobic dance video .
play a basic drum beat that has bass drum , or kick drum , on beats 1 , 2 , 3 and 4 , and 8th notes on the high hat , in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
the job of a music conductor is to interpret the music and to help an ensemble realize ideas for performance . learn tips on the importance of music conductors in this free video series .
learn how to apply the cover for making a picture light switch cover in this free home decorating video making light switch plate covers .
the feet make different sounds when flamenco dancing . learn how to do different footwork in this free dance lesson video from a dancing instructor .
the a scale on saxophone includes three sharps f , c and g . play a saxophone a scale in the key of a with tips from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
a saw is used with human power but there are also electrical tools used in the old ages . learn about cut off tools from a woodworking expert in this free video .
record-able cd programs allow the artist to put personal information on a cd . buy cd 's with tips from a veteran hip-hop recording artist in this free video on the recording industry .
how to sew the bottoms for a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
magazine pages make a great paper source for gift wrapping . watch this free video clip and see how a gift wrapping expert does it .
making spinach pakora . learn the recipe for making an indian snack in this free cooking video .
the best sunscreen is any sunblock that has a titanium dioxide zinc oxide base on it , but people with dry skin will like more physical sunblocks that have a sunf 30 barrier . use sunscreen on skin that protects them from sunburns with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this free video on skin
how to find rock and gemstone jewelry that fits your lifestyle ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by an expert .
trimming the base of clay candlesticks should create a smooth surface . learn how to smooth the surface when trimming candlestick in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
learn about the rules of sabre fencing with expert fencing tips in this free basis sabre sword fencing video clip .
learn how to add a wall to a drawing , with tips on breaking the rules of perspective effectively , in this free video drawing lesson .
to change the blades on a band saw , unplug the blade , remove the cover and remove the phillips screw driver . adjust the blade on a thermostat to keep it operating properly with this free video from a professional contractor .
in order to change outlook 's mail notification sound , select sound and audio devices under the program events window . change the sound of an outlook sound to look like windowsxp notify.wav with tips from an internet business consultant in this free video on internet tools .
water bottles are an excellent tool to use when working out the triceps . learn how to do triceps kickbacks using water bottles in this free exercise video from a personal trainer .
making handmade birthday cards is fun and easy to do with an old olive boarder and a ribbon . make a handmade birthday card with tips from a scrapbooker in this free video on arts and crafts .
choosing a sponsor in `` fifa 08 '' manager mode is easy with these tips . get expert advice on gaming and video games in this free video .
learn how to add flour and wine to the beef stroganoff sauce with expert cooking tips in this free recipe video on learning how to make your own beef strogoff .
cure a slice using your golf club head ; learn pro golf tips for fixing , curing a slice in this free golf lesson video .
to finish a crochet scarf you must first cut the slipknot about three inches away . learn how to finish crocheting a scarf with tips from a craft expert in this free crochet video .
how to cut spring onions ; learn more about green , yellow , and spring onions in this free cooking video .
learn about the rules and structures of improv in this free video on theatre acting tips and techniques .
a single vanilla latte is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
learn the upward facing plank pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
aces can be played high or low . learn how to play aces in golf solitaire in this free gaming video .
the diamond step in belly dancing is a step that originated as a jazzy dance move . learn the diamond step with tips from a dance expert in this free belly dancing video .
watch and learn how to do a wheelchair wheelie by yourself in this free street bike stunts and stunts video lesson .
learn how to bake leek soup with expert cooking tips in this free online video clip .
shuffle on the d string is a big shift . learn about shifting hand positions on upright bass from a music teacher in this free bowed string instrument video .
how to blow dry hair for curly hairstyles ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
take out the pins before you get to them . learn how to make a curtain tie in this free video about how to decorate handmade curtains .
how to water spring flower bulbs ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own plants and herbs in this free gardening video .
staining the inside of a watercolor bowl will add depth and interest . learn how to paint a bowl with watercolors in this free painting lesson video from a painting instructor and professional painter .
in seed planting , make sure to cover the soil with mulch to protect the valuable nutrients . plant and care for rhubarb with the tips in this free video on gardening and farming from a professional organic gardener .
moving the viewer of a two-dimensional design leads the viewer around the field . move the viewer with tips from an artist in this free design video .
facial scrubs should not be used more than three times per week . learn more about the benefits of facial scrubs in this free spa treatment video from an aesthetician .
return serve in the middle of the court . learn how to return serve in tennis , from location to different stroke types , in this free video lesson .
learn about the different types of bees inside a beehive and where they go in this free video on beekeeping .
classifiers come in a variety of channels , including two channel and four channel . learn which of the four channels are right for your stereo in this free auto electronics video .
making a press roll on an drum is easy with these tips , get expert advice on drumming techniques in this free video .
the outside turn in bachata dancing can be done in either direction . learn how to do an outside turn with tips from a dance instructor in this free dance lesson video .
learn about coloring designs for decorative gourd art in this free online video arts and crafts lesson .
finding the ip address of a pc in microsoft windows is done by clicking on the start menu , running cmd , clicking the dos window and typing in the ip configuration of the computer . find the pc 's ip address with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on microsoft word .
the straight blast or chain punch is an effective jujitsu technique for starting a street fight . learn the straight blast and chain punch technique with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on jujutsu .
the sissy squat with single arm lateral raises should be done with more weight on the mid deltoid . learn more about what you can do and how to do sissy squats with a lateral raise in this free exercise video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
french braiding short hair is best done when the hair is small , layered and has too many fly aways to keep it from hanging out . create a french braid on short hair with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
how to understand the basics of a block plane ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on using tools for leveling , shaving and shaping wood in this free woodworking video .
a side foot shimmy in belly dancing creates a flip with the hip . practice side foot movements with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
sixteenth notes for a drum beat are important for every drummer , get expert tips and advice on drumming and beats in this free video .
tips for turning a tree branch into a cane . learn how to insert counter sink hole into shaft of wood walking cane in this free woodworking video from a wood crafts expert .
performing yoga at the office can help alleviate the pain of carpel tunnel syndrome . learn to do wrist stretches at work from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
for the cardboard model car , outline the area around the front and headlights , around the dash , and around the body of the car . outline details on the model car with tips from an experienced crafter in this free video on arts and crafts .
learn how to play the snare drum for the swing drum beat pattern in this free drumming video lesson .
firefighters don a scba by reaching down and grabbing the top of shoulder straps with thumbs facing each other . learn to don scba boots with tips from a fire captain in this free video on firefighting .
the shaft in an iron should be for high handicap players and junior players . learn more about the golf shaft in this free golf video about golf equipment and supplies .
when a telegraph was built , the morse code was developed in 1838 . discover the history of telegraph use with tips from a science teacher in this free video on building a basic telegraph .
fitting a british slip lead is different than a regular leash and collar . learn how to fit your dog on a lead dog with tips from dog trainer in this free pet care video series .
toning the legs requires adding strengthening exercises to a regular routine . tone the legs with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on healthy exercise .
begin your printing with a clean piece of glass . learn how to prepare your contact sheet to make contact sheets in this free darkroom photography lesson from a professional photographer .
learn how to play the fantan solitaire hand in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
learn how to play a high low split in skinny minnie poker in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
play with the nodes of a wooden flute . learn about cutting flutes out of wood in this free wood carving video .
when working with photoshop cs3 , adjust the color balance by using the dialog box to adjust the settings . balance with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photoshop .
watch and learn some great tips on how to get a distant view of the skeet field from our expert in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
the shell is the anchor of a drum kit . learn how to play a drum head in this free video .
it 's important to cross your legs while ice skating forward , in ice hockey , when ice skating . learn to ice ski forward from a professional ice hockey player in this free sports video .
keep a sleeping bag dry when backpacking . learn about sleeping bags to bring on backpacking trips in this free camping video .
how to use a fax machine , which is a thermo paper feed , by dialing the designated phone number , setting the speed dial and press the press on the right dial to activate the machine . get the right tools and supplies for using your fax machine with information from a computer specialist in this free video on
learn how to use circle hook when fly fishing in this free instructional fishing video with pro fishing tips for kids .
when performing yoga in the reclining supine sequence , draw the knees into the chest and lift the knees to the left . execute this twist with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga .
lose stomach weight by combining exercise with food . lose stomach weight with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
when waxing the upper lip , be careful not to be too hot and apply the wax all the way down the lip . discover why it 's important to apply baby oil to the area before waxing with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on eyebrow grooming .
watch as an expert bachelor explains why supermodels are more expensive to maintain in this free online video about attracting women .
the back of the mirror is glued with white glue that 's watered down . learn how to glue a decoupage back to a mirror at home in this free crafts video .
using a santoku knife for cutting tomato and other vegetable items ; tips , tricks and more in this free online cooking video that will teach you about chef knives with tips from an expert .
sew a bag closed by making an anchor stitch . start sewing the body of a bag with expert tips in this free sewing video .
play straight fourth snare drum on all four coordinates with double back beat on bass with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
roasted vegetables for a french chicken recipe should be thinly sliced . cut vegetables for french chicken with expert tips from a chef in this free recipe video .
before buying a hermit crab , look for a healthy pet who is active , curious and active . purchase hermit crabs using the pet care tips in this free video from a exotic pet enthusiast .
make your eyebrows stand out on stage . learn how to apply eyebrow makeup in this free makeup video about stage makeup techniques .
expert tangram player teaches strategy for identifying patterns . learn about strategy for playing tangram puzzles with expert tips from an experienced teacher in this free video .
how to compress clay for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
want to make sure your child is safe ? learn how to register child safety car seats in this free video on child safety seats .
creating a ceramic mug contains a variety of tools , such as sponges , potters knives , needle tools , and clay pieces . learn to create a clay mug with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
if you believe the golf swing is the most important thing in the world , try the free golf tip for having a better grip and swing in this video golf lesson .
learn how to decide what the ante should be based upon in guts poker in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
using a theraband , in pilates , when performing lower body exercises can help work out the intrinsic muscles of your arms , shoulders and back . learn to use a therabands when stretching your arms and back from a professional pilates instructor in this free exercise video .
snowmobiling is a great recreational sport . learn all about riding a snowmobile from our snowmobiling expert in this free video .
in vinyasa yoga , the wide leg standing forward bend stretches the muscles between the legs and the hips . widen the muscles in the pelvis with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga .
keep nostrils flare down when breathing in and out of the nose . learn vinyasa yoga and ujai breathing in this free yoga video lesson .
learn side bend exercises for aquatic arthritis in this free aquatic treatment video .
try to get the right bar height and suspension for motocross . learn other ways to practice motococross riding with tips from a professional motokross rider in this free sports video .
when performing pilates single-leg circles , point your right foot all the way up towards the ceiling . learn how to do the single leg circles in this free educational video from a pilates instructor .
learn to play cha-cha music on the drums with an eighths on the ride cymbal . free video drum lessons featuring a professional drummer and drum teacher !
learn how to play dark chords on the bass guitar in this free video series that talks about the guitar and the different musical stylings it lends itself to .
adjust lines in fl studio to create melodies . learn more about using lines in the sytrus generator in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
first theater audition ? get tips for picking the right monologue in this free video clip about how to audition with a monologue .
learn how to identify the high and low hands in the popular jacks in baseball poker in this free video series from our poker expert and professional card shark who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
learn where to buy wire jewelry with expert wire making tips in this free online crafting video clip .
learn how to cut the pig for roast pig in a caja china box by watching this free cooking recipe video from our professional exotic cuisine chef .
when watercolor painting a windmill , use a detail brush to detail the rotors and blades . learn more about detail brushes with expertise from an art teacher in this free painting video .
the a flat major phrygian mode is a scale for the saxophone that begins on the fifth note of the a flat minor scale . play the phryggian mode in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced music instructor in this free video saxophone lesson .
sensual aromatherapy massage requires the use of several drops of essential oils . learn how to use oil in massage with tips from a crafts enthusiast in this free video on massage .
drying a car motor during a detail should be done with high-pressure air because it blows dirt and grime off the surface . use a pressure gun when drying a motor motor with tips from a car detailing expert in this free video on car maintenance .
learn how to prepare , peel and prepare carrots for a cheesy bean dip that a diabetic person would be able to eat and enjoy in this free video series .
when opening a paint can , lift the paint can a little bit at a time and then work the way around until the top comes off . avoid putting too much pressure on one point on a painted can when opening it with advice from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement .
pulling handles for a ceramic herb planter creates even pieces . learn how to pull ceramic handles with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn how to reinstall the cards of stripper deck from a dealer in this free card trick video from our professional magician .
aikido is a martial art that uses the opponent 's center of gravity to defend against an attack and choke them . watch this free video clip as an aikido expert shows how to avoid and take down an opponent .
learn how to use bandana to style your hair with expert beauty tips in this free hair styling and accessories video clip .
a clove hitch is tied around a log , post , or something that 's going to be used as an anchor . learn how to tie clove knots for anchoring in this free knot tying video from an eagle scout .
short form improv is scenes , or stories that are unrelated from each other . learn more about short form improv from an improv comedy expert in this free video .
smelling wine is different for each wine . learn how to smell wine at the top of the glass in this free video from a wine sommelier .
learn how to massage the toes using massage therapy using expert tips on massages in this free online video clip .
a large decimal card layout will improve a child 's math skills . learn how to improve a large decimal layout in this free educational video clip about montessori math methods .
when caring for a stabled horse , make sure their stalls stay clean and dry . find out more about horse care with tips from an equestrian team coach in this free video on horseback riding .
how to deep fry vietnamese spring roll filling and serve ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video on asian food taught by an expert chef .
add a bridge to a silk flower wall hanging . learn how to add a bridge and water from a floral designer in this free video .
before giving a foot massage it is important to sanitize the feet with warm , soapy water and a hand sanitizer . learn more about feet sanitizing with tips from an aethetician in this free beauty guide video .
most bicycle chains will have master links that are simple to install and run through the pulleys of the derailleur . purchase the right size and size chain for a bicycle with tips from a bicycle specialist in this free video on bike ownership .
scopes come in a variety of price and quality . learn about the quality of a potential scope in this free production video about how to train for photography .
passing the ball from one side of your stick to the other will improve your ball control and ball control . learn how to do an off side pass in this free women 's lacrosse lesson on video .
give it a lot of reinforcement stitching to begin because that 's where the pocket will get most of its pressure and then sew right along the edge of the pocket . learn how to make a peek-a-boo play mat out of recycled jeans in this free crafts video .
the yoga hamstring stretch will help to relieve tension in the lower back . learn how to do the hamstring stretch with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
when choosing the right hair style for your face , examine the face shape to make sure it complements the face . choose the hair style with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
learn about using sliders on a rowing machine for exercise and training in this free exercise video on using an olympic rower for health and fitness training .
learn about resources for home school geography with expert tips from an experienced teacher and home school authority in this free homeschooling video clip .
after sanding a pen , rotate the wood around until the grain matches up . find out how to test a pen with a wood turning expert in this free video on pen turning .
when finishing the inside of a woodturning bowl with a scraper , make a light touch to remove any scratch lines . learn how to finish the inside outside of a bowl from a wood turning expert in this free crafts series .
there 's no possible way to make a spindly puzzle because it is so skinny . learn how to play a side triangle puzzle in this free money games video .
turtle diets can include live fish , feeder fish or pelleted diets . feed an aquatic turtle the right diet with tips from an animal care specialist in this free pet care video .
performing the double tuck jump is a great way to develop explosive power in your legs and increase the ability to jump high . learn to perform this jumping exercise from a professional kung fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
applying conditioner should completely saturate the hair so it is in great condition . learn how to apply apply apply conditioner to hair correctly from a professional hairstylist in this free hair video .
cover all of the bottom of the pot with the oil . discover how to make rice for cantonese chicken with ginger-scallion fried rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
learn how to play scale notes on the harmonica with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
learn what supplies you need to get a spa manicure in this free online video clip .
tore lower abs using cardiovascular exercises , strength training and overall conditioning . use these exercises to stay healthy and fit and to prevent injuries in the future with tips from a professional fitness instructor in this free video .
in judo and jiujutsu there is a called rondori , which involves attacking and choking an opponent without preforming anything . learn more about this unique fighting style from an aikido expert in this free video clip .
watch how to do the helicopter spin move in bo staff martial arts in this free martial arts video .
the impact bag is a great tool for golfers to develop good impact position . use an impact bag to improve contact with the golf ball with tips from a master golf instructor in this free video on golf .
learn how to beat egg whites for striped christmas cookie rounds in this free baking video .
how to do part five of these double lift high hat drum exercises ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
watch and learn from our expert how to engage the doubles at station two of the skeet field in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
there are two main schools of thought in acupuncture . learn more about acupuncture and acupuncturists from our medical expert in this free video .
nail fasteners make a great closure for wallets . learn how to attach snap fasteners to wallets from a professional in this free crafts video .
use improv to get participants thinking about taking risks and making eye contact . learn the improv comedy game kitty wants a corner in this free theater acting video from a teacher of improvisation .
to make valentine 's day cards hearts decorate the front of the container . decorate a heart for a kisses and wish basket with tips from a crafts enthusiast in this free video on arts and crafts .
in kickboxing , ride the power and kickboxers use their forehead to block punches . take a punch with tips from an eighth-degree black belt in this free martial arts video .
asl , also known asl , is primarily used in america . learn the basics of american sign language in this free education video .
when sizing a gold ring , use a laser welder to tack weld the metal into the ring and prevent it from falling out . learn more about sizing gold rings with tips from an instrument repair expert in this free video on jewelry maintenance .
when pastel painting , it 's helpful to have color unity . use color unity with tips from a professional artist in this free instructional art video .
always have plenty of jump ropes in the gym . learn about exercises for boxers in this free boxing video .
to treat baggy eyes , use an eyegel that is specifically formulated for dark circles and that is often accompanied by dark circles . use a facial gel to break up toxins in the eyes with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video about simple beauty tips .
motocross uses a very unique motorcycle design to take on the roughest terrain possible . learn about motocross history in this free video on riding freestyle bikes .
when booking a train ticket from new york to albany , log onto the amtrak web site to view departure times and rates along with a interactive map and itinerary . travel on the train with interactive features and tips from a full-service travel agent in this free video on train travel .
in posture , posture is an important factor to avoid . avoid slumping shoulders with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video .
a motocross helmet , jersey and pants are just as important safety items as any other sport . learn how to select motococross gear with tips from a bicycle specialist in this free video on motoccling gear .
choosing the right flat iron is all about the hair type . choose the perfect flat iron with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
mantras are a sound or phrase repeated repeatedly throughout the night . discover more about mantras with tips from a registered hatha yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
learn how to transition from c to d on an accordion in this free video series that will have you playing the accordion safely and easily in no time .
in yoga , perform the child 's pose to reset muscles and re-energize the body . practice this powerful exercise with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free video on yoga poses .
collard-picard champagne is composed of 80 percent meunier grapes that protects it from the very prevalent spring frost in the marne region . learn more about collardpicard champagnes with tips from a wine expert in this free champagne video .
how to play chord progressions for jazz piano in the key of c major , including tips and tricks ; learn this and more in this free online jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
get a proper dps warm up for the triathlon swim with expert tips and advice on sport competition and outdoor activities in this free triathlon video .
learn some great tips on how to climb rope for an undulation rope workout from our fitness expert in this free health video on doing rope undulation workouts .
for prosciutto rosemary chicken , blend the sauce into a blender for the best results . learn how to make vegetable stock with tips from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
learn about the super street car class in nhra racing with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free car-racing video clip .
the supplies you need for making a close pin dragonfly . learn what you need to make a beaded dragonfly at home in this free video .
the rounded rectangle tool in adobe photoshop allows the user to select a specific shape and size of the image . learn about this adobe image manipulation tool and how to use it from a 10 year veteran designer in this free design video .
pro tool is in almost every big studio in the world . learn how to set up your mac screen set in this free video clip .
detaching a storm door to a house requires attaching nails to the frame of the house . attach the door using the storm door installation tips in this free video .
hitting a forehand volley in tennis is best done when a player is blocking the ball on their forehand side . find out how to hit tennis forehand volleys with tips from a certified tennis pro in this free video on tennis .
a double triangle tangram puzzle is one of the easiest games to play . learn how to play this chinese shapes game in this free video clip .
create a fill adjustment for your photoshop hue saturation layer . learn more about creating a layer for your hue saturation text in photoshop in this free photoshop tutorial from a professional graphic designer .
a distributor cap is an important part of a car 's ignition system . learn how to remove the distributor cap with tips from a mechanic in this free automotive video .
learn when to start coloring your hair on children with expert hair color tips in this free hair styling video clip .
play , or walk measures five and six in a b major scale for advanced bass guitar ; learn how from our professional bass guitar player and composer in this free music instruction video
the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn a 1st degree a major scale arpeggios on it in this free video clip series .
learn how to use the myr enforcer artifact creature card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
learn how to do kneeling bo staff techniques from a martial arts expert in this free weapons training video on techniques for playing the bo staff .
how to poof the yeast for `` death by chocolate '' by yeast ; learn more about baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
when cleaning toilets , use a tooth brush to disinfect and remove bacteria from hinges . disinfect the hinges of a toilet with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on toilet cleaning .
when using a paint roller , make sure the roller is high quality , use a three-inch nap , dampen the roller and use parallel strokes . paint a roller in a criss cross pattern to get a smooth finish with instructions from a remodeling contractor in this free video on home repair and maintenance .
learn from a successful gallery owner how to create a web site when starting and running your own art gallery in this free video lesson on the art business .
dog trainers often give a dog a chance to sit . learn how to teach a dog to sit in a box training session in this free video on dog training .
when talking to a girl on the phone , avoid talking over the phone at all costs and give a sincere and sincere answer . talk to that girl on-the- phone confidently with dating advice from a female dating coach in this free video on dating tips for guys .
a typical standard game of solitaire is dealing seven columns of cards successively longer . learn how to play tripeaks solitaire in this free gaming video .
deleting midi data is a regular necessity when editing music in pro tools . erase midi information using the click of a mouse as an experienced music engineer shows you how in this free video .
how to back comb for curling short hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
reason 4 has many preferences such as inputs and outputs that can be set and altered to what works best for the user . learn how to set up audio in bias peak pro sound editing software in this free computer software tutorial from a video .
learn how to draw vanishing points effectively , with tips on breaking the rules of perspective effectively , in this free video drawing lesson .
when making dreads , section the hair into squares , use a comb to minimize back-combing and keep the dread from getting a matted look . create dreads with styling advice from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
travel in style by wearing clothes that look comfortable and do n't look like you are going out of the house . learn how to dress appropriately to go on a trip with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
learn how to add chocolate frosting to a yule log recipe in this free cooking video on making your own oak chocolate log dessert recipe .
before beginning ice skating , it 's important to learn how to do the one foot glide . learn how in this free ice skating video lesson for beginning figure skaters .
the bear claw horse stretch is a great way to relieve tension in your horse 's hind quarters . learn more about the bear claw stretch for horse with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
learn how to clean and polish the soles of a pair of women 's shoes by washing and dicing the shoes in this free footwear care and repair video by our expert shoe doctor .
placing your quilt on graph paper helps to give us a vision as you are putting the pieces together . learn how to plot out a graph paper design when making a quilt in this free quilting lesson from an expert quilter and sewing class instructor .
knobs are an important part of modeling clay . learn how to make clay handles for your clay bust in this free art lesson video .
the flip flap is a sweet soccer move you can learn to get by the defender , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills and tricks in this free video .
learn how to clear the walls when painting your living room and other remodeling tips in this free instructional diy home improvement video .
learn tips on how to create a more layered haircut on a men 's razor with the expert tips in this free hair cutting video clip .
get a walkthrough of the guard in `` hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
a career as a police officer will include listening and being able to reason with a variety of people . get tips on law enforcement career information from an experienced professional police officer in this free law enforcement video .
how to develop your own jewelry collection , including tips and tricks ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by an expert .
learn how to make a reverse layup with expert basketball tips in this free online sports instruction video clip .
add depth to your scrapbook by using a spot lighting technique . learn how to use punches to stamp a scrapbook in this free video series .
how to line bottoms for a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
what is a rhythm in boxing ? learn about practicing boxing techniques , punches , and jabs on a double end bag in this free training video on basics for boxers .
tips for car maintenance . learn how to jack your vehicle to change rear differential fluid in this free car repair video from an expert auto mechanic .
a mound of clay is useful for throwing off the hump in a ceramic sake set . learn to center clay on the hump with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
most automotive carpet clips are removed with a driver head . remove automotive carpet with tips from a certified master mechanic in this free video on automotive maintenance .
how to use formulas in microsoft excel ; learn more about spreadsheet software in this free instructional video .
what type of dog should i get ? learn about personal lifestyle considerations when buying a dog in this free pet care video .
testing for the hiv virus is the only thing that is approved in the fda . learn how to take an hiv test at home in this free health video on the human immunodeficiency virus from a certified medical assistant .
oil the bicycle spokes to keep them lubricated and easy to adjust . learn how to oil bicycle spokes in this free video on bike maintenance .
learn how to modify a mountain bike drive train setup in this free bike care and maintenance video series .
when trying on jeans , do some research on the internet to find the best jeans that fit and match the body type . find the perfect jeans with tips from an image consultant in this free video on jeans .
when cleaning a bathtub , make sure shower mats do n't slip under water . learn how to keep bathtub mats clean with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
learn how to properly iron a bridal dress with expert step-by-step instruction in this free clothes ironing video clip .
the double hand push hands tai chi exercise is one that focuses on pushing and deflecting the opponent 's energy . learn tips on how to practice this tai bo staff exercise from an expert in this free video clip .
tips for making cutlets . learn the recipe for making an indian snack in this free cooking video .
the phrygian mode is a scale for the saxophone that begins on the third note of the d major scale . learn more about the phgian mode and how it helps saxophone playing abilities in this free music lesson video from a professional saxophone instructor .
how to manage programs at your health club ; get expert fitness tips and advice on the essentials of health club management in this free fitness video .
what tools and supplies are needed for removing and reinstalling your radiator ? learn how to remove and replace your radiator in these free auto repair video instructions .
the ca area 151 is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
learn how to identify problems in a toilet in this free do it yourself bathroom plumbing repair video .
how to add vegetable broth to korean kimchi and rice ; learn more about making traditional korean food in this free cooking video .
use a medium size brush and go in a circle around the outside of the skull . learn how to paint a skull outline in this free video about easy face painting designs .
learn how to count rhymes for `` rickity tickity '' in this free children 's rhyme video from an expert on playtime for kids .
learn a side stretch with small weights for your pilates routine in this free exercise video .
editing midi information in pro tools can be done manually to change the velocity of each sound . create new music and edit digital sounds using tips on midi sequencing and music recording from an experienced music engineer and producer in this free video .
a kimora submission move is used in judo and jiu-jitsu and can be used for fighting an opponent starting from the guard . use kimoras with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
you can use multiple airbrush stencils , including the kiss method , the skull , the volleyball and the tongue . learn tips for using airbrushes to make a skull stencil in this free video clip about beginning to airbrush .
learn how to select the right screen print color for screen printing a t-shirt in this free video clip about fashion tips .
the best play in the game of omaha is to get all of the chips in on the flop . learn to play a variety of hands and strategies with helpful information from an experienced card player in this free video on poker tournament strategies .
learn how to trace the design for a henna door hanger for your home in this free crafts video on making henna art designs for wood and paper .
use burnt umber when painting rocks in a snowscape watercolor painting . learn how to add color to rocks and trees in a watercolor landscape with expertise from an art teacher in this free painting video .
how to rinse and condition your hands for washing in this free video clip from a professional hair stylist .
learn about the counter arc in rodeo barrel racing in this free instructional video series .
when tying djembe drum knots , keep the knots at equal distance from each other . tie a dog 's nylon rope around the handle using techniques in this free video .
for soy and orange shrimp , do n't dice the celery or carrots . add water for soy and ginger shrimp with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
when playing the swing groove 13 drum beat , play the kick drum on the and of one and the of four in order to match up with the rhythm of the music . learn more about this swing groove 14 drum beat with expert tips in this free drumming video .
in aikido the mune tsuki waza move is a head punch . learn how to defect this and use munetsuki iriminage to trap your opponent 's elbow , control their center line and take them down in this free video clip series .
make a special valentine 's day scrapbook with kissy pictures . get tips for making a kissy picture scrapbook in this free video clip about easy scrapbooking ideas .
solitaire is a version of solitaire that most people are used to . learn how to play solitaire in this free gaming video .
compressing the base of a ceramic sake set prevents s cracks . learn to compress clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
make sure beads match on the headpin of a handcrafted earring . learn how to attach earring wires in this free video clip about making jewelry with beads .
copying the lyrics on an ipod is done by typing in the lyrics to itunes program , selecting the lyrics tab and then copying and pasting the song to a shuffle mode . listen to different ipod songs to sync up the functionality with tips from a computer consultant in this free video on technology .
learn how to use a feint touch attack move in sabre fencing in this free how to video lesson on sabre foil fencing attacks .
supplies for drawing a comic book include felt pens , colored pencils and a smudge stick . gather supplies for drawing comic book superhero figures with tips from an experienced cartoonist in this free video on drawing .
posting a blog on myspace is easy with these tips , learn all about myspace accounts , profiles , videos , and photos in this free video .
in kung fu , use both hands to block , slide a round kick past and drive it in with the right hand . perform a double palm block and reverse punch with tips from a black belt instructor in this free martial arts video .
push up and glute extensions make a great way to work out the chest and triceps . learn how to do push up glute extension to strengthen your obliques in this free fitness video from a gold 's gym personal trainer .
organize dry food in a pantry by using glass containers . learn how to organize dry food with tips from an organizing expert in this free housekeeping video .
your core is vital in any workout . learn some great tips on how to stay centered during your workout in this free video .
kuleles are very versatile instruments and can be very hard to tune . learn how to tune a ukulele by stringing it down and pressing down on the strings with tips from a ukaulele player in this free music lesson video .
put on muscle mass fast with a good consistent diet , fruits , vegetables and whole grains . gain muscle mass quickly with tips from a fitness director in this free video on muscle building and free weights .
when giving a public speech , refrain from tapping the podium . practice good body posture during a speech with tips from a communications specialist in this free public speaking video .
a camisole will be very important for your work clothes . learn how to pick out and wear camisoles for work with tips from a fashion stylist in this free women 's clothing video .
learn how to adjust your bagpipe in this free video series that will show you everything you need to know about playing the bagpipe .
do n't get too close to the water when camping . learn how to pack for a sandcastle in this free summer beach fun video from an expert sandcastle builder .
consult with a breast reduction surgeon about discomfort and pain at the first visit . learn about breast reduction expectations from a plastic surgeon in this free cosmetic surgery video .
parrotating underwater can be dangerous unless the proper technique is understood properly . find out how to navigate underwater by using a compass in this free video clip .
learn how to choose the right torque and nut drivers for your home tool box in this free educational video series .
saxophones can be killed in hoop houses with sterile soil . get tips for getting rid of damping-off fungus on hoop houses from an organic farmer in this free gardening video .
when defending a lay-up in basketball , keep the feet up front and shuffle the feet . defend against lay-ups with tips from an basketball coach in this free video on basketball defense .
get a restraining order when the harasser is harassing you and your family , by contacting the police department or the local court 's office to complete the paperwork and avoid unnecessary paperwork . get legal advice regarding restraining orders with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
get more tips on what reconstructing yong is in chinese calligraphy in this free video clip on languages and writing .
once yam chips are out of the oven , you 're going to put them in a bag and see if they burn . learn about avoiding sugar , as well as tips for making healthy yam chip bags from a healthy dieter in this free video .
learn tips for protecting the lint while ironing a men 's suit in this free clothing care video from a wardrobe professional .
how to play riff 28 for playing blues guitar in a ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
learn how to put on a mountain bike helmet in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable mountain biker .
pinning the front of a family quilt will give you a chance to make adjustments if the fabric is not wide enough . learn how to pin the front with tips from a seamstress in this free sewing video .
explore the aperture ; learn how to use camera lenses for manual and digital cameras in this free video on photography and camera ownership .
learn how to do a hook kick to prepare for a tae kwon do hook kick , in this free martial arts video on practicing and doing 720 kicks .
a triceps press with free weights works the triceps . learn how to do triceps presses for free weights with expert tips from a personal trainer in this free workout video .
learn how to apply designs for an embossed valentine 's day card with expert tips on valentines day crafts in this free video .
pro tools tdm users can move audio files to a particular bar by clicking on a spot at the end of a verse . record and edit music easily and quickly with a tdm using the tdm options of digidesign with the tips in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
learn how to install the new operating system on a newly modded xbox with expert tips and advice on soft modding a xbox in this free computer gaming video clip .
want a new makeup look ? learn tips for filling your eyebrows in this free video clip about how to apply summer makeup .
avoid an abusive relationship by recognizing the stop sign , paying attention to the inner-self and staying away from the abusive person . learn to avoid relationships with tips from a relationship author and talk show host in this free video on relationships .
installing windows on linux involves running a windows emulator on the computer , running the wine command prompt and installing the wine program on the hard drive . install windows on a linux computer with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
the child yoga position is great for relieving back pain . learn how to do the child yoga pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
wood turning a wood workout with two and four hundred grit will increase the intensity of the workout . work out at a wood turning workout with tips from an experienced wood turner in this free video on wood crafts .
learn how to place the napkins for a christmas dinner party in this free holiday etiquette video from a catering expert .
improve your sign language vocabulary by learning the signs for movies and tv . learn more about how to sign the words for movie and tv in american sign language with tips from a deaf signing expert in this free sign language video .
how to play chorus 1 , lick 15 for `` natural d blues '' by wes montgomery on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing blues guitar in this free music lesson video .
in functional movement , a lateral step is a great way to gain strength and more control in the feet and ankles . learn more about lateral step exercises in this free functional movement workout video .
learn how to attach raffia to your african-themed pillow project in this free online educational video series .
if you can get away from an attacker , do n't tap the top of the skin . learn how to strike an attacker in this free video about self defense techniques for women .
 charger pots are traditionally used for dinnerware . learn what pottery tools you need to make a charger pot with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
how to paint pottery with puff paint . learn about artwork , painting , and creativity when working with ceramics or clay .
learn how to select your pockets for your mummy halloween costume in this free costume video .
identifying food poisoning symptoms . learn about different types of food poisoning in this poison prevention video from a medical professional .
use a larger brush when cleaning and painting an orchid watercolor painting to get the tiniest bit of yellow . learn more about cleaning and coloring watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
file a mechanics lien by contacting the local county court offices for help filling out the required requirements and hiring a attorney . get paid for the work done by hiring a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
pro tools ' preferences menu is the interface that allows you to set the output , output and bus of your recording . learn more about the pro tools preferences menu from a recording expert in this free video clip .
when selecting face makeup for african-american , consider purchasing a darker foundation that matches the skin tone , and blend evenly around the jaw line , nose and cheeks . choose face makeup with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on beauty and personal care .
when performing the big pigeon pose in vinyasa yoga , bring the front of the hip over and down to stretch out the hips and bring the back foot in . practice this intricate exercise with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on water aerobic exercises .
use environmentally friendly sinkers when ice fishing . learn more about bait selection in this ice fishing lesson from an experienced fisherman .
the core muscles are always engaging when lying on your side for pilates exercises . learn some tips on how to engage the core muscles correctly from a professional pilates instructor in this free fitness video .
escaping a judo match requires a technical escape in which the opponent is caught and thrown back to the ground . escape from a match in judo with tips from a martial arts specialist in this free video on karate .
the cuddle is an inside turn in bachata dancing . learn how to do the cuddle dance move in this free video dance lesson from a professional dance instructor .
take care of surfboard glass before applying it to a surfboard . learn more tips for applying fiberglass properly to surfboards from a professional surfboard shaper in this free video about surfboards .
turtle feeding habits vary depending on the species . learn turtle feeding habits with tips from the owner of a reptile store in this free pet care video .
keep the elbows and elbows flat on the floor in the zen yoga back and forth stretch . learn to do the forward and back stretches in zin yoga with the tips in this free video on yoga back stretches from a fitness trainer .
learn from our expert , what to look for in the owner 's manual in this free how-to video on cleaning a microwave .
cutting acrylic plastic requires using either a hand saw , a fine tooth handsaw or a scroll saw to cut the plastic , which can be cut with a fine-tread blade or with a table saw . sand down acrylic plastic to remove burrs and debris with instructions from an experienced builder in this free video on
on two-cycle car engines , the oil and gas are separate . mix oil and gasoline with expert tips in this free video on car maintenance .
test the broadband speed of a computer by going to safari browser and the site pcpitstop.com . learn more about troubleshooting the broadband on a mac with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computer networking .
how to play a native american aboriginal voice as a flute ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
master drawing of cartoon villains ; learn how to draw mouths on cartoon villains and monsters in this free video on cartooning and drawing bad guys .
when writing a punchline for a comedy show , decide whether it will be observational , story or prop . create a great comedy routine by writing a great punchline using advice from an experienced entertainment writer in this free video on comedy writing .
 siteswaps , like four41 , are helpful for learning four ball juggling . learn helpful three ball patterns from a juggling specialist in this free video on hobbies .
in indirect proportion , an increase in one quantity results in a decrease in another quantity . solve indirect proportion problems with tips from an math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
the target area of a fencing defense is the target area ; learn how to lateral parry in this free video on defense in foil fencing .
the stack in `` magic the gathering '' is empty , so all players in the game get priority . learn how to play `` the gathering ? '' from a certified judge in this free magic cards video .
learn about the basic rules and strategies of 'the reach for the top ' paintball game anywhere in the world in this free video clip .
color tips for african american skin . learn how to add blush to ethnic skin in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
learn how to fold socks to maximize space in your suitcase in this free traveling video on folding clothes in a suitcase .
in this free sculpture video series you will learn how to paint a bust using a variety of colors .
first theater audition ? get tips for picking the right monologue in this free video clip about how to audition with a monologue .
get more tips in this summary of chinese calligraphy in this free video clip on languages and writing .
the laying close grip press works the triceps . learn about triceps muscle exercises in this free training video .
make sure that the velcro hits where you needs to when making a wallet . learn how to make a wallet from a professional seamstress in this free crafts video .
clay pottery requires patience and detail with every tool you use to hand craft your piece . learn about clay forming tips that you will need from a pottery expert to create a matching clay mug in this free video clip .
to become a master gardener , attend a garden show and learn about plants , trees and soils . learn more about master gardening from a sustainable gardener in this free video .
live prey is a great source of lizards and reptiles . learn how to take care of a bearded dragon and reptiles in this free video tutorial on exotic pets .
a full back roll in yoga will exercise the back by moving the shoulders and middle part of the back to the floor . learn how to do full back rolls with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
trimming a belly cast is important to give it a nice trim and trim it evenly ; learn how to cast a belly in this free video .
when installing a quill stem on your bike , apply grease to the steer tube and wedge the bottom to prevent it from getting rusty . install a quad stem with tips from a bike mechanic in this free video on bicycles .
waxing a snowboard can cause the base to shrink , and it can rot out the core , and the edges of the board can rust . wax a snowboarding with tips from a professional snowboarder in this free video on snowboarding .
learn how to pick softeners to use when doing laundry , with tips to sort , wash , and dry clothes , in this free housekeeping video .
play drum sixteenth notes triplet partial on the snare with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
how to play chorus 2 , lick 17 for `` natural d blues '' by wes montgomery on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing blues guitar in this free music lesson video .
get an introduction to headaches , the symptoms and treatments , with expert medical tips in this free online headache relief video clip .
remove a tick from under the skin by grabbing tick near the head with tweezers and gently wiggling the tick back and forth until it lets go of the skin . remove a tick with tips from a firefighter in this free first aid video .
the yoga mountain pose is a great standing yoga pose to strengthen stabilizing muscles . learn tips on how to do this pose correctly from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
learn about the structure of the bridge in country songs with expert tips and advice on country songwriting techniques and music lesson in this free video clip on guitars .
learn the proper hand position to use when operating a finishing sander in this free educational video series .
to configure microsoft windows mail on windows vista , click on the vista start button , select accounts and add an email account that 's selected by default . configure e-mail messages on a pc with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
learn how to reinstall the wheel after changing the brake pads on a car with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
to make a gothic bracelet , attach a split ring , toggle , a fingernail and a button to the end of the bracelet . make the dangle and the toggle on the other end with expert tips in this free video series on making bracelets .
learn how to make the lemon zest pizzelle recipe for family pizzelles in this free easy dessert recipe on video .
a truck 's roof panels should be glued in place so that it 's sturdy . install a roof for a truck or trailer with tips from a professional builder in this free auto repair video .
a snake sheds their skin in the same way as some people take their socks off , in this free video on snakes from a reptile specialist .
when expunging a shoplifting conviction from a record , it 's important to hire a criminal lawyer that specializes in this serious matter . seek advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal self-help .
make a bat house with good alignment . learn how to assemble the back of the bat house panels in this free bat conservation video .
there are two channel faders , one channel for each channel . learn about the different parts of a mixer from a professional musician in this free hip hop video .
criticizing your paintings is the first step in painting . learn how to analyze paintings in this free art lesson video from an art instructor .
when becoming a legal assistant there is no standardized requirement for education , experience and training . find out more about the job descriptions for legal assistants with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
 undefined expectations can cause conflict in a relationship . learn to recognize conflict in romantic relationships with advice in this free video from an expert on interpersonal communications .
learn what to expect on your next project when building your basement in this free home improvement video .
stuffed vegetable recipes are both easy and delicious . our expert shows you how to cook stuffed tomatoes in this free cooking video .
a block should be placed between the thighs in yoga poses to prevent injury . practice mindfully with a yoga block with an instructor in this free yoga video lesson .
there are several types of computers . learn about how to get started from a technology expert in this free video clip .
paradiddle drummers play singles , doubles and paradiddles consecutively . play flawless paradiddle drum beat grooves with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video .
swim goggles are generally rated for both indoor and outdoor use , although some have silicon gasket better than a foam gasket . use swim goggles with the proper safety rating with tips from the owner of a swimwear shop in this free video on swimming goggles .
as a running back in american football , it 's important to keep your feet strong . get tips on how to use the high knees to keep you healthy in this free football video lesson .
riding on toys are great for physical development for young children . learn all about baby toys that help your child build physical development in this free video clip on baby safety and baby learning toys .
learn how to train for cheerleading stunts with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video on advanced cheerleading stunt pulling .
how to check the consistency of cuban black bean soup ; learn more about traditional cuban and latin american food in this free cooking video .
get a walkthrough of the elite guard in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
it 's important to make sure that the snorkel seats onto the throttle body instead of being crushed inside it . learn how to reinstall the intake duct work and id plate in these free auto repair video instructions featuring a certified mechanic .
growing black-eyed-susan requires full sun , good drainage and a good environment for the plants to grow in raised beds . grow black-eye-saxan plants with tips from a sustainable gardener in this free video on gardening .
using the palm as a weapon is easy with these tips , get expert advice on martial arts and body conditioning in this free video .
how to put the lens to the fingertip in this free eye care video .
pine cones are very helpful in surviving fires . learn about using pine cones for wilderness survival in this free outdoors video .
how to safely fire clay from a clay sculpture kiln ; learn tips , tricks and techniques for creating beautiful sculpture in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
the california rattle snake is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
looking for fun improv comedy games ? learn how to play `` house '' improv comedy game in this free video on comedy acting .
living food comes from plants that are still attached to plants . learn what living food to make from an organic farmer in this free gardening video .
learn how to make an americano at home from our expert in this free drink recipe video on making gourmet tee and coffee drinks .
when baking a gourmet coffee cake , it 's important to carefully place the icing in the pan . learn how to place a coffee cake in a pan in this free baking video .
get an introduction to improv games in this free video on theatre acting tips and techniques .
this yoga pose is also known as the revolved forward fold . learn more about the health benefits of yoga twists in this free fitness lesson from an anusara yoga instructor .
internet explorer is the default browser for more than one browser installed on a computer . make an internet explorer browser default browser easily with tips from an internet guru in this free video on how to use internet browser features .
in basketball , a good cornerback can demonstrate passing techniques to get rid of the ball quickly . watch a basketball coach demonstrate corner passing drills in this free video series on basketball offense .
learn how to do a magic trick at the dinner table in this free magic lesson video .
feeding a sand boa is important for the constrictors . learn how to feed a sand booa with tips from a reptile expert in this free exotic pet care video .
learn how to apply stage makeup cream for a beauty pageant with expert makeup tips in this free beauty video clip .
aikido is a martial art that attacks the opponent 's joints and pressure points to defend against an attack and throw them . watch this free video clip as an aikido expert shows how to do a nikyo wrist control .
interested in making chicken kiev ? learn all about this chicken recipe in this free cooking video .
check the sail before cutting it . get expert tips and advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
drawing a breast is done using a louvre crayon , which is good for shading and contours . sketch a breast , which begins on the shoulder and ends in the chest , with a demonstration from an experienced artist and art supply store employee in this free video on drawing .
learn how to make a creative pop-up candles recipe from scratch in this free video .
learn the forward fold for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
learn more tips for folding pillowcases from an ironing expert in this free laundry care video .
calling shots in billiards is easy with these tips , get expert advice on pool and 8 ball in this free video .
writing an agent can be difficult because it is not from a credible writer . find an agent to promote a screenplay with ideas from an independent filmmaker in this free video on the film industry .
learn how to add a movie poster to your cozy corner by watching these free home decor videos from our budget interior design expert .
draw a face using the basic shapes of the skull . learn how to draw a face with an artist in this free art lesson video .
how to prepare guajillo , ancho and california peppers for pozole ; learn more about traditional mexican food in this free cooking video .
when buying auto insurance , it 's important to sit down with an agent and review different insurance policies and spread the quote across different carriers . find the best auto insurance policy that fits the individual 's needs with tips from a licensed insurance agent in this free video on automobile insurance .
to make more money as a supermodel , a person must know how much they can make on the market , and advertising can be as good as $ 1,000 per hour . find out how much supermodel does with information from the director of a modeling academy in this free video on modeling .
learn how to set up butt wires for fog lights with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
reason 4 has preferences that keep cpu usage at 80 percent or more . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
select clothing that reflects both blonde and light eyes by picking outfits that incorporate neutral colors like light greens , reds and black to bring out the eye coloring and hair . pick out garments that highlight both of the eyes with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
train for boxing with back to back passing with a medicine ball . learn about medicine ball exercises for boxers in this free boxing workout video .
to create the shape of a clay sun cat the first step is to smooth the clay with a brush and water ; learn to sculpt a sun cat from clay in this free video art lesson .
the overhead shoulder press into anterior pull-in exercise works all three heads of the shoulder , from the front to the middle all the way to the back of the shoulders . do overhead shoulder presses into anterior pulls-in with tips from an experienced fitness and exercise guru in this free video on exercising .
a flying jump in modern dance is a jump with legs lifted and twisted . learn to do a flying jump with tips from a professional dancer in this free modern dance video .
learn how to do the side crane yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness lesson video .
get an explanation on how to play the ninth variation of an eighth note drum beat ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
being open and honest is essential in romantic relationships . learn about being honest when ending relationships in this free video from a family communications expert .
perform a grind on a three-foot quarter pipe by practicing the manual and balance in a 50-50 axle stall . practice the grind with tips from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
when attempting to date a gemini woman , understand that she is tall slender , witty , articulate and very well connected . date a person who has the gemini astrological sign with tips from a professional astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
arm rotations help loosen up your joints . learn how to do arm rotations for warming up in this free basketball video .
buying hookah accessories is easy with these tips , get expert advice on hookah in this free video .
learn how to fertilize your house plant in this free video clip about plant care .
learn how to wear a goth corset to create a beautiful goth women 's look in this free fashion advice video .
learn when to change a water filter in this free home appliance video .
antonn leopold dvorak was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
learn how to measure and cut leatherhide for leather working in this free video series about leather working and its various techniques .
the b flat minor mixolydian mode is a scale that begins on the fifth note of the b flat major scale and has a lowered fifth note . play the mixolyda mode in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced and learned musician in this free video .
the function of spark plugs is to make the cylinder fire , which happens in a combustion engine . learn more about how spark plugs work with tips from a mechanic in this free car maintenance video .
planning art time with kids is easy ; learn how to make trees for a clay figurine tree in this free instructional video .
wood bat making is usually done by taking the trunk of a tree or ash or hard rock maple and placing the bat on a lathe . make a wooden baseball bat with tips from a baseball instructor in this free video on baseball tips and tricks .
understand how to teach germs to four and five year olds with expert childcare tips in this free online healthy kids diet video clip .
learn how to use the geth 's grimoire artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
watch as an expert bachelor explains what not to do on a first date in this free online video filled with romance advice .
tips for making balloon heart . learn how to make balloon heart in this free childrens party entertainment video from an expert on twisting and folding balloon animals .
a double vanilla latte is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on the many instruments that you can buy at any musical instrument store .
looking for a great cooking option ? learn how to chop apples for bacon wrapped scallops in this free cooking video from our expert chef .
guitar rhythms are very important for funk , rock , pop , and many other genres of music . learn how to play a percussive strum on a guitar in this free video clip on musical instruments .
learn how to do the basic lead step with a partner for dancing the waltz in this free instructional dance video .
a claustrophobia is the fear of closed spaces . learn about guided fantasy for clausrophobias from a social worker in this free overcoming phobia video .
when attaching a bridle to a horse , it 's important to use something that will allow the horse to open their mouth . learn how to attach a horse bridle with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
how to improve your bass playing by playing the bass on the piano ; learn this and more in this free online piano lesson series taught by expert pianist and professional musician tony newton .
strobe lights are commonly used in basketball games . learn tips and techniques for using strobe lights in this free video on shooting different styles of photography .
the gait in hippotherapy varies depending on the patient 's needs . learn about the gait with expert tips from an occupational therapist in this free medical treatment video .
when selling a junk car in indiana , empty personal items and license plates from the car , find a junkyard or recycling center that will buy the car and bring in the title for the car . have inoperable junk cars towed to the buyer with advice from the manager of an auto shop in this
the mountain pose in yoga is a foundational pose for other standing postures . learn more about the mountain yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn about the health effects of absinthe in this free home brew video from our professional bartender and brewer of his own beers .
how to add sesame to korean kimchi chigae stew ; learn more about making traditional korean food in this free cooking video .
learn how to make some shrimp stock for stuffed mushrooms from our expert chef in this free recipe video on making a shrimp and ham stuffed mushrooms recipe .
in chair yoga for seniors , perform the corpse pose by bending the knees and rolling onto the back . practice the saviour pose with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free video on chair yoga .
mark making in intaglio printmaking is achieved by using a burin tool to drill into the metal . learn to use an burin with tips from a printmaker in this free printmaking video series .
scales are very important to know for any mandolin player . learn tips on how to play a whole pattern on the mandolin from a musician in this free video clip .
massage therapy can be performed to relieve the symptoms of elbow arthritis . discover massage techniques to treat tendinitis with help from a massage therapist in this free video on massage therapy .
shadow boxing strikes at a fast pace and accuracy . learn how to train for boxing by using speed and accuracy with tips from a boxing coach in this free video on shadow boxing .
