learn how to mix colors in your garden in this free video clip on perennial gardening .
learn how to pick stained-glass patterns for stepping stones in this free video series that will have you creating these unique stones in no time .
the melody to section b of  beaumont rag '' is fun and simple to play on the mandolin . learn tips on how to play the first melody section of this song from a musician in this free video clip .
remove exfoliation scrubs with a warm towel and gently remove all the granules . learn about facial skin care treatments in this free video .
when cards with the same ranking come out relatively close to each other , the deal is reversed . learn how to play aces up solitaire in this free gaming video .
learn how hair color works in this free hair care video clip on beauty and fashion .
learn how to toast eggplant to make an eggplant sandwich in this free online video recipe .
add kneel step variations to the domino polka figure dance . learn how to do kneel steps in this free dance lesson video .
an electric toothbrush has soft bristles that are flexed and twisted with pressure to break up bacteria , which will also help with breaking up stains . see the dentist at the dentist , where a toothbrush will be located , with information from a licensed dental assistant in this
find all of the notes on an upright bass chord by playing them in the key of c. play a c major scale with tips from an expert upright bass player in this free video on upright bass lessons .
how to apply lip color for a dramatic makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
learn how to correctly and quickly read tremolo tabs on guitar tabs in this free video series that will have you fluently reading guitar tables in no time .
ceramic glaze test tiles have a variety of surfaces to test for glazes on . learn about test tiles with tips from a potter in this free video on ceramics .
learn how to stretch new strings on your electric guitar to ensure that your instrument will remain in tune and play music beautifully in this free video series .
medical expenses are incurred in diagnosis , cure , mitigation , treatment or prevention of disease . learn about elective procedures in this free video clip about tax deductible items .
when attempting to date a libra woman , understand that she is a beautiful woman that is worthy of her time , and that she likes to be an elegant , elegant woman who enjoys a ride and sluts in the bedroom . date
learn how to prepare the thyme for making cajun ratatouille from our expert in this free recipe video on combining french and cajun cuisine to make cajun degas .
it 's important to warm up the knees , hips and spine before performing chi gong exercises . learn more about the importance of proper warm ups with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video .
women can use the back leg kick to strike an attacker in self-defense . learn how to do a back leg front kick in this free video on women 's kickboxing techniques .
learn from our expert how to make authentic tabasco in this free recipe video on making your own tabaco salad .
to remove the neck of an acoustic guitar you will need to loosen the two screws that lock the neck into place . learn more about removing the neck with tips from an experienced musician in this free video clip .
the main thing to keep your pool water clear is to get a test kit every week for alkalinity and acidity . learn how to test your swimming pool water for acidity and ph levels with tips from a pool supply store manager in this free video on swimming pools .
glass etching stencils need to be shook up before they can be applied . apply armor etch cream to a stained glass stencil with the tips in this free video on how to etch glass from a crafts expert .
if a new body piercing closes up overnight , the time it takes to heal up is dependent on the amount of blood flow in the body , such as the mouth , nose and navel . discover the importance of a high blood flow when removing a body
use zoom and depth of field in adobe after effects software . adjust the focal length and zoom of a dh camera using the tips in this free video editing tutorial from a film production professor .
learn some great tips on how to stretch your legs for a track and field meet in this free sports events , stretching , and preparation video clip .
loading a lavender still with lavender buds involves triple strained lavender buds , filling in about five pounds of lavender buds with the retort and adding purified water to the condenser . learn how to load an lavender still for distillation of essential oil with tips from a
to make your own cartoon character , start with the eyes and sketch down ideas before starting with the face . draw a cartoon character with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
learn about tae kwon do stretches in this free martial arts video .
avoid making holes in an inflatable sleeping pad during a hike . learn about repairing inflatable sleeping pads with tips from an outdoor activity expert in this free camping video .
learn how to heat up a sandwich maker in this free alternative health video..
to become a portrait photographer , study lighting to find out how the lighting affects human skin , use depth-of-focus for the background and use a variety of age groups to make the background of a photograph stand out . find out about different age groups with information from a professional
do-it-yourself wedding centerpieces include sheet moss , flower buds , river rock or flowers . arrange centerpieces in a glass vase with tips from an event coordinator in this free wedding planning video .
in the plank pose of yoga sun salutations , bring the shoulders over the wrists to form a tight belly and avoid sagging through the belly . learn how to properly do plank poses with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
learn as our expert shows us how to clean an espresso maker in this free drink recipe video on making your own espresso drinks .
learn about the different parts of a skateboard and their uses in this free how to video lesson on how to build your own skateboard .
crosshatch drawing in an artistic way to create shading with lines , such as the eyebrows , nose and mouth , to add depth and dimension to a design . learn to draw crosshatching with tips from an illustrator in this free video on art .
how to mix the dough for gourmet triple chocolate cookies ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
learn how to identify a person trying to trick or deceive someone in this free video series that will keep you mentally and physically healthy .
how to use hairspray for braiding hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn how to prepare the walls for painting in this free diy painting video .
make sure that the sandcastle does n't fall apart and crumble . learn how to build a sandycastle with tips from a professional artist in this free summer beach fun video .
learn how to undo the flash , nose band and throat latch when tacking up a horse in this free equestrian video on horse care and riding .
the single whip is one of the most important tai chi forms . learn how to perform this intricate form with tips from a tan tui expert in this free martial arts video .
how to manually sharpen spiral metal cutting bits ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on how to sharpen carpentry tools in this free instructional video .
learn tips on how to set up an audio object in logic pro 8 software in this free software tutorial video .
learn how to form the spout for a double-walled pottery teapot in this free video lesson on ceramic art .
the first step in face painting is getting paints . learn about the materials you need to paint a face with expert tips from an artist in this free face painting video .
cleaning kitchen and bathroom rugs requires the washer to remove hair and extra dirt from the backing , putting the rugs in the washer in cold water and then shaking and sunless they are completely dry . wash and dry kitchen rugs with tips from a professional house cleaner and organizer in this free
the tucked no-hander is a more difficult bmx trick that involves pinching the knees , extending the arms forward and pulling out the bars . perform the dmx tuck no hander with tips from a sponsored rider in this free video
once you 've finished , make sure you let your past dictate who you will be . learn how to make a valentine 's day card stock in this free crafts video .
connecticut clocks with weight-driven clocks have columns often with gilded capitals on the columns . find out what to look for when collecting a connectedicut bowl clock with tips from a clock repairman and collector in this free video on antique collecting .
there are approximately ten thousand fireworks in a year . learn more about firework injuries from a fire captain in this free pyrotechnics video .
a great persuasive speech begins with an attention-getting introduction . get tips for writing a persuasive speech introduction in this free video clip about writing and delivering a compelling persuasive speech for public speaking .
learn how to shuffle the deck at the beginning of a game of jacks to open poker in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
demonstrating a martial arts defense against a knife threat . learn self-defense with martial arts in this free video .
learn the meaning of the hamletback goliath red or chaos card and how to play it in magic : the gathering in this free card game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
for the valentine finger puppet , draw some eyes and eyelashes to decorate the faces . decorate the face of a 12-by-12 inch puppet with tips from a long-time crafts enthusiast in this free video on arts and crafts .
make silk flowers hang from the branch of a tree . learn how to attach silk flowers to the branch in this free crafting video about how to make a wreath with silk flowers .
the salary of a professional skateboarder can range from $ 1,000 to $ 20,000 a month . find out how much pro skateboarders make with advice from a professionally sponsored skateboard rider in this free video on skateboarding careers .
how to properly cut guitar strings when you restring a guitar ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
tips for a healthy diet of black beans ; learn why they 're great in this free video clip .
how to remove the retaining clips that hold in u joint . learn about universal joint replacement on a car 's rear axle in this free car repair video .
learn how to do drills with resistance bands in your workout with this free exercise video .
learn how to play aerosmith 'dream on ' on guitar in this free video clip on reading and playing guitar tablature .
how to apply gold shimmer for a gorgeous night time look ; get professional tips and advice on applying evening makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
best way to add spices to your paneer masala dish to enhance flavor and texture of this indian dish ; learn this and more , including tips and trick for preparation and spices in this free online cooking video about indian food taught by an expert chef .
the best way to learn climbing movement is to go to a local indoor gym and take a technique class or climb with qualified instructors . learn to rock climb with a qualified instructor using advice from an experienced rock climber in this free video on rock climbing techniques .
a push-up requires maintaining good straight body alignment , supporting muscles in the upper body and lowering the body from the ground to the chest . do a pull-up with tips from a fitness director in this free video on exercise programs .
learn how to cut onions for meatball ( albondigas ) soup in this free meatball soup recipe video .
how to make a teddy bear explained in this free stuffed animal video .
the 100 is a great pilates exercise for strengthening your core muscles . learn how to do the 100 in this free exercise video clip from a personal trainer .
how to fertilize growing mexican honeysuckle plants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own plants and herbs in this free gardening video .
learn how texture is used as a basic element of painting design in this free instructional video art lesson .
you are cheating everyone on your team , you 're cheating everywhere on the other side . learn about etiquette and how to play in a paintball field in this free sports and recreation video .
children 's nutrition can be affected by food choices like whole foods . learn how to improve kids ' digestion with foods for kids in this free video on children and nutrition .
learn tips on how to properly play a barred a7 chord on a left handed guitar with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
learn how to mix red paint for your painting and tips on the basics of color theory in this free instructional art video .
snap a chalkline to cut a piece of wood . learn how to snap the chalkline using the home remodeling tips from the owner of a construction company in this free video .
how to make a clay bowl on the pottery wheel ; all this and more in this free arts and crafts video taught by an expert .
learn how to block a kick with your left hand in knockdown karate in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin tony capraro .
it 's possible to come up with a plan in a thumbnail sketch , but you never know how it will work . learn how to make a mail organizer with seashells in this free crafts video .
potatoes for satay chicken are soft and flake , so drain them and chop them . chop potatoes with tips from a chef in this free video recipe .
need to repair your strut mounts ? learn how to uncompress the coil springs with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
most recitals will be in some type of concert hall or recital hall . learn more about practicing for a recital with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
tremolo guitar effects are great for funk , rock , pop , and many other genres of music . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
in  magic : the gathering '' the tenth rule refers to a sorcery that does not stop in the stack . find out more about a magic enchantment with the role-playing game ( rpg ) tips in this free
wear clothes that are shorter than the knee by covering areas with clothing that 's form fitting to camouflage certain parts of the body . learn more about wearing short dresses with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
learn how to arrange your shadowbox picture frames with expert home décor tips in this free online professional framing video clip .
use a high speed buffer and a wool pad when removing swirl marks on a speed boat . remove swirl marks with tips from a car wash owner in this free video on speed boat detailing .
clean paving bricks by using a scrub brush and household cleaner and a garden hose to remove dirt and grime from the brick . find out how to clean a paving block with tips from a heating , ventilation and air conditioning ( hvac ) certified technician in this
there are many different ways to make a video resume , depending on what your priorities are . learn more about making a vhs video resume with tips from a professional videographer in this free electronics video .
learn how to add lentils to healthy lentil soup , following this heart healthy online recipe video .
the jelly scrubber is a great way to scrub a horse 's face . learn how to use a scrubber in this free pet care video from a certified equine massage practitioner .
get 1/8 note drumming practice with expert tips and advice on reading drum music and beats in this free video .
removing brake rotor discs is an important part of brake replacement . learn how to look for brake wear and tear in this free brake job instruction video .
hermit crabs eat a variety of things , including plant matter , fish and meat , but they prefer a commercial diet as a staple . feed a hermit lobster diet with tips from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
be careful when making a ceramic lantern to avoid vulnerability . learn how to make a lantern with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
in skateboarding , a healflip varial is a combination of a heelflip and a front side shove-it together . do a heeff varial with tips from a sponsored skateboarder in this free video on skateboarding tricks .
learn how to switch ollie over a board and how to attempt various skateboard tricks in this free skateboarding video lesson .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
learn how to test a garbage disposal in this free home improvement video from a kitchen appliance expert .
squats will give you strength in your lower back , and keep your body straight . learn how to do a full body workout with a weights workout in this free fitness video .
when playing shifts on the violin using violin sheet music line one , take a look at the hand to see if it goes from e to a d natural . learn how to play a shift as a violin intonation exercise in this free video violin lesson from a
sensitive scalps can tell you if something hurts . learn how to tell the difference between pain and tears in cornrow braiding with tips from a hair stylist in this free hair care video .
get loose and ready for improv . learn about the basics of improvisational comedy in this free video series on acting performance .
learn how to control the frequency of an oscillator in this free instrument-building video series that will show you how to create the perfect synthesizer .
use the weight of your arm to pull back on upright bass . learn about playing finger pattern 1a on the e string with the left hand on an upright bass in this free stringed instrument video from a music teacher .
watch students develop handwriting skills to better understand calligraphy . learn more about the uses of calligraphic letters in this free handwriting video from a calligrapher with three decades of lettering experience .
drum sound development depends on how well a drum is struck . develop drumming skills with tips from a professional drummer in this free music lesson video .
learn about tower battlements in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
organ players can change keys by modulating a chord . find out how to change keys on an organ using the music tips in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
fashion designers can use silver or gold sunglasses to create a futuristic look . learn to design futuristic sunglasses for fashion croquis from a designer in this free fashion illustration video .
playing center field in baseball is one of the most important positions on the field . play center field with tips from a former collegiate all-american softball player in this free video on softball .
grapes for california sparkling wine are grown in cooler climates to retain good acidity . learn about what grapes to use for sparkling wine with tips from a sommelier in this free sparkling wine video .
learn the difference between store bought hair color and store bought color with expert hair color tips in this free hair styling video clip .
understanding 4/4 time signatures in jazz is easy with these tips , get expert advice on drum skills in this free video .
the super half fold will keep your short sleeve from looking grim and discolored . learn how to fold a short shirt in this free clothing care video .
how to apply eyeshadow for a bridal look on ethnic skin ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
how to do the eiffel tower trick on your yo-yo in this free video onyos and looping tricks .
learn what bends are and how they apply in chinese calligraphy in this free video clip on languages and writing .
breaking someone 's neck can be done in two different ways , release and then break . learn self defense for breaking someones neck in this free safety video from a martial arts instructor .
how to transfer home videos to a computer ; learn more about encoding video on websites in this free instructional video .
a clogged ice maker needs to have a built-in filter , which needs to be replaced if the ice is not flowing properly , or if it has built-up ice problem . check if a refrigerator is n't flowing with help from
in common time , a whole note lasts four counts . learn about whole notes with tips from a violinist in this free music lesson video on playing the violin .
adding water droplets , in photoshop , is a great way to add character and dimension to your  matrix '' text background . learn some tips for adding a water droplet from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
learn how to choose a mountain bike helmet in this free video series about biking and biking enthusiasts .
acupuncture is a great alternative medicine that can help stimulate certain chemicals , such as gaba , in order to help reduce or curb your appetite . learn tips on how and why this is from an expert acupuncturist and herbalist in this free video clip .
how to know what to put in a purse or handbag ; get professional tips and advice on choosing and buying fashion accessories in this free fashion video .
a front side 50-50 in skateboarding is when a skateboarder grinds using both trucks at the same time . ollie on a ledge and grind with both trucks with tips from a sponsored skateboarders in this free video on skateboarding tricks .
learn how to install a smoke detector and other diy home fire safety tips in this free home improvement and maintenance video .
women 's swim goggles were introduced a few years ago , and the need for a narrower goggle with uv protection , anti-fog and a mirrored finish . care for women's swimming gogglers with tips from the owner
paper you 'll need to make a party hat and how to assemble the hat ; learn this and more in this free online arts and crafts video on making party supplies taught by expert ginny larson .
when bodybuilding , alternate biceps curls to force as much blood into the muscle as possible . keep tension on the wrists with tips from a nationally competitive bodybuilder in this free weight lifting video .
audio recording is a huge part of video production , so learn how to use the xlr input for audio recording with a canon xh a1 video camera in this free production video .
how to do hand positions to relieve headaches in this free alternative medicine therapy video clip .
learn how to mark your cross country race course in this free exercise training video on competitive cross country running .
check the weather before hiking in colder climates to prevent frostbite and avalanches ; find tips for hiking in winter and staying warm in the snow in this this free video on winter exercise .
use the final measurements for the coat rack base plate . learn how to lay out the base plate for a coat rack with tips from an industrial design teacher in this free woodwork video .
a mixer and audio mixer are necessary for editing video in sony vegas , an important part of the video editing process , get a software tutorial in this free video .
for a 3-d picture , apply a layer of glue to the clay . apply glue to a clay picture frame with expert tips in this free crafts video .
compare high-speed digital cameras by shooting at a higher asa with less noise , as compared to digital cameras with higher-speed capabilities . find the right digital camera for the job at hand with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photography .
when forming a band , it is important that everyone in the band enjoys working together and can get along . learn how to keep your band together from a professional performing and touring musician in this free video .
the hi-hat keeps the rhythm of rap music , along with the snare and bass drum . create rap beats with the best of them with tips and information from an experienced and accredited rap producer in this free video .
watch as a flower expert and professional gardener demonstrates how to plant and care for fall-blooming arum italicum bulbs in this free online video about home gardening .
making your own airplane is easy with these tips , get expert advice on aviation and airplanes in this free video .
how to play riff 7 for playing blues guitar in a ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
learn the fountain pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
shadowing the feathers in a watercolor windmill painting will add depth to the painting . learn how to watercolor paint a windmill with expertise from an art teacher in this free painting video .
in kickboxing , use a stationary position to perform the hook punch , while twisting to the right and lifting the left heel to the left . perform this powerful attack combo with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free kickeboxing video .
centipedes can inflict quite the bite and can cause a lot of pain and swelling . be careful when dealing with cylopendra subspinipes with tips from a third-degree black belt in this free video on pet care .
hard wax remover helps remove any wax buildup . learn how to use a wax off remover with tips from a stylist in this free video on beauty care products .
learn how to trim the sides of the box that you are decoupaging in this free video clip .
dress for a disco by wearing a green and gray outfit , adding detail to the body and figure . dress for the disco with the help of this free video on women 's fashion from an experienced clothing designer .
plastic golf balls are great golfing supplies because they do n't break the other golfers . learn more about plastic golf ball supplies with tips from a professional golf instructor in this free video about golfing .
for soy and orange shrimp , add the onions and seasonings to the rice later . saute vegetables and season the rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
hire a professional children 's entertainer to perform at a birthday party . learn how to hire an entertainer from an experienced party planner in this free video on party planning .
the boogie shuffle is a great drum beat to add to your snare drum arsenal . learn some tips from a drumming expert on how to do this basic rock drum technique in this free video clip .
learn how to add garlic powder to falafel following this easy greek video recipe .
learn how to secure house windows from a professional contractor in this free home improvement video .
strut mounting bolts are generally self-locking and should be removed with a 17 millimeters socket and a half-inch drive ratchet . learn how to remove bolts on a front-wheel drive vehicle in this free car maintenance video from an automobile repairman
learn how to grill eggplant to make an eggplant sandwich in this free online video recipe .
a develope to the front is a side-lying core exercise that 's great for strengthening leg muscles . learn to do develope front stretches with tips from a fitness instructor in this exercise video .
bra sizes help support breast tissue and keep your waist looking slim . get tips for finding and fitting a bra with expert tips in this free women 's fashion video .
using a pool noodle , learn how to do abdominal exercises while swimming in this free exercise video .
an expert drummer shows how to play a simple drum beat variation that has the bass drum , or kick drum on beats 1 and 4 , in this free beginners drum lesson on video .
how to finish a tropical flower arrangement ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
centerpieces for a beach themed wedding include orchids , sand and greenery . create beach themed centerpieces with tips from an event coordinator in this free wedding planning video .
when bringing friends to a hookah bar , explain that the tobacco is n't there and that it 's smoked . explain the benefits of smoking , including how to avoid carcinogens , with tips from an experienced bartender in this free video on
to become an executive protection agent , get some experience in the field or get some training from previous employers . discover the credentials of potential employers as a bodyguard with tips from a former secret service agent in this free career video .
millefiori glass bead pieces can be twisted and pulled apart to make beads . shape glass beads using the craft tips in this free online instructional arts and crafts video .
learn how to do a slap up in tap dancing with expert tap dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online dance lesson and choreography video clip .
country and western one-woman shows . learn how to act as a country western character in this free comedy improv video series .
learn how to serve cuban congri , or cuban rice and beans , with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
a spin move in basketball is done by facing up the hoop and spinning away from the defender to get to the basket . do a spinning move with tips from a former semi-pro basketball player in this free video on basketball .
stay healthy while traveling in peru , by drinking plenty of water and staying away from mosquito bites while in the country . get more tips about staying healthy while in Peru in this free traveling video guide .
how to finish applying makeup like the singer angelina jolie ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
learn how to safely install and remove the wheels on a mountain bike in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable off-road bike racer .
side leg adductions with tubing works the inner thigh . learn about side leg abduction with tips from a professional trainer in this free fitness video .
water bottles usually belong on the outside of a backpack . learn what other items go in backpacking trips with this free backpacking video about how to prepare for a hike .
suicide or freezes are very popular break dancing exit moves ; learn break dancing for the clubs in this free video on break dancing moves for beginners .
before you begin an equine massage look at your horse 's overall condition . learn more about horse health and conditioning with tips from a horse expert in this free pet care video .
gran turismo 5 cars , such as the tuscan tvr , require more throttle application and weight shift to get the car around corners . get free gran car tips on how to drift in front engine rear wheel drive cars with medium power in this free video
it 's important to remove obstructing weeds from your organic parsley garden bed . learn some tips for clearing a garden bed from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
earrings for belly-dancing can be made with hoop earrings , which can be found at most local jewelry shops , or at a local jewelery store to make smaller earrings with a larger amount of wire . make belly-dancer earrings with tips from a professional belly dance
learn how to make the holy trinity for chicken gorky with expert chicken cooking tips in this free cooking video .
bend the knees and bring the arms to the sides for a double lunge . learn advanced hip hop funk choreography from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
learn about the car 's mechanical value when buying a used car with expert car buying advice in this free online used car video clip .
logic pro ultrabeat allows you to create a hip hop template . learn more about creating hip hop beats in logic pro 8 ultrabeat in this free music production tool tutorial from a professional audio engineer .
vitamin dust is a healthy diet for a bearded dragon . learn how to take care of a dragon and reptiles in this free video tutorial on exotic pets .
learn how alcohol and caffeine affects sleep with expert sleeping tips in this free online healthy living video clip .
professional budget advice you ca n't miss ! learn about the importance of a budget for personal finances in this free online video tutorial .
add a lower body picking up but stay stationary for the farmer . learn advanced hip hop funk choreography from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
the double wrist grab is a self defense move to defend against an attacker who pushes you in the chest . learn how to defend yourself against it first from a martial arts expert in this free women 's self defense video .
learn the double hip stretch for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
in cardio kickboxing , try to get kicks at least waist high for the front kick , back kick and side kick . practice basic kicks in this free workout video with a nationally competitive bodybuilder .
learn what tools you will need to adjust wheel bearings on a car with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
before going into the studio it is a good idea to record demos of your music . learn why and how to avoid mistakes when recording music with a tape recorder in this free recording video .
in pilates , push-ups are great for building upper body strength . learn more about push ups with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
cleaning pewter can be done with household products but sometimes requires the use of commercial cleaning products . make a paste with one teaspoon salt , vinegar , 1 1/2 cup of flour to clean pewters with tips from a professional house cleaner and organizer in this free video on housekeeping .
watch as a seasoned professional discusses the relationship of aquarius fish in this free online video about astrology in romance .
reflexology techniques include thumb walking , worm patterns , finger walking and gliding strokes . discover different techniques of reflexology with tips from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on alternative medicine .
care and maintenance of the jib on a sailboat with expert boating tips in this free video clip on sailing .
what to eat to hunt in sub zero temperatures . learn about ice fishing diets and what to drink when hunting in this free fishing video .
want to teach your kids ballet ? learn how to observe your kid in ballet in this free video clip from a ballet instructor .
watch an expert chef chop mushrooms for making cream of mushroom soup in this free online cooking recipe video .
basic ingredients for meatloaf ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by expert rich buccola .
learn about the base coach who is in charge of sending out signals to runners , catching balls and catching ground balls with expert baseball tips from a former baseball player in this free sports instruction video clip .
flower bulbs can grow in containers in the ground , in the sun or in the shade . learn how to grow flower bulbs in containers with tips from a professional gardener in this free home gardening video .
johannes brahms was one of the greatest music composers in history and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this video clip .
to set an iphone alarm , press the clock button on the home page , unlock it and press the stop watch and timer button . set an alarm with the help of a technology specialist in this free video on the iphone .
you want to be at the front of the camera for every second commercial . learn how to create a fifteen second signal from an abc53 floor director in this free video .
how to cut onions for making greek fish plaki ; learn tips , trick and preparations suggestions in this free online cooking video about greek food taught by an expert chef .
using a wide-toothed comb will help you get out tangles in hair braids . learn how to use a large-thooth comb in this free hairstyle video about the tools for braiding hair .
the head fake shot and the floater shot are two ways to fake a defender off of the basketball . learn how to make a basketball fake shot in this free sports training video on how to play b-ball .
the inverter is an electronic and electric unit that is able to use the 24 volts to amplitude current . learn about saving energy in your home with natural or solar power in this free video .
shoulder shrugs with dumbbells will exercise the anterior , posterior posterior delts and traps . learn how to do kendra shrug dumbbell exercises with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
learn from our expert about doing push ups in cross country running in this free training video on crosses country running tips and techniques .
learn how to give multiple dogs treats in this free dog care video from our pet health professional .
the aikido tekubi tori kotegaeshi wrist grab defense is a martial art that uses your opponent 's momentum to maintain your center line and drop them to the ground . watch this free video clip and learn how to avoid and take down an opponent as they try
learn how to use shoelaces to juggle with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling lesson video .
keep your ice fishing reel clean and lubricated . learn more tips for taking care of your equipment .
know what to look for when buying squash for your garden ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own fruits and vegetables in this free gardening video .
make your own embellishments for your clothes ; learn how to embellish t-shirts and clothing with rhinestones , plastic jewels and gems ; get professional tips and advice on methods and techniques on decorating your clothes in this free instructional video .
play drum and-one , two , and-two for swing music with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
get a walkthrough of smuggle out the agent and escape in  hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
reason 4 has many preferences such as sound output drivers that can be used and altered to make it easier to work with . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
tools such as squeegees and inks are necessary for screen printing . get tips on what tools you need from a printmaking expert in this free video .
learn about the pain associated with advanced pole dancing in this free fitness video on pole dancing exercises .
to make a wax sculpture , put the first layer in the clay mold on top of the mold , secure it with tire tubes and apply the wax to the sculpture . carve a rough head from wax with a professional artist in this free sculpting video .
an undulation in belly dancing combines a belly dancing undulation with an ooey move . practice undulations with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
set levels on a four track recorder to level the vocals and cut the track . learn how in this free music production video guide on how to record your own songs .
when writing a drama screenplay , create characters that are believable , likable or unlikable to capture the audience . write a dramatic screenplay with tips from an independent filmmaker in this free video on the film industry .
learn about biological aspects of depression in this free home health video .
a seven iron golf club is specifically designed to get a lot of loft on your golf shot so that it falls into the green and stops . learn more about this club and how to hit it correctly from a golf expert in this free video clip .
learn how to make the head of a pheasant tail for fly fishing from our very own expert in this free fishing video on techniques for and making fly fishing nymphs .
teeth in a pencil sketch add expressiveness to a drawing . learn to sketch teeth with tips from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
learn how to do a hapkido bo staff strike to the stomach in this free martial arts weapons training video .
selecting a target in travian online is easy with these tips , get expert advice on video games and gaming in this free video .
learn how to separate the napkin layers of a bowl that you have decoupage in this free video clip .
step and touch side footwork in belly dancing by stepping to the side and bringing the weight back . discover how to do step-touch belly dancing footwork with tips from a professional belly dancer in this free video about learning to belly dance .
learn how to find hooks and sizes in fly fishing in this free fishing video on techniques for and making fly fishing nymphs .
bossa nova drum-beat rhythms are made up of syncopated ride hits , snare-drum rim clicks on both downbeats and upstrokes and an ostanato bass-drum pattern . do better drum beats including paradiddles and
play a sample game to make sure that you understand all the elements of states dice . learn how to play states dice in this free gaming video .
learn how to cut and clip nails for a dog in this free video clip .
learn how to do hamstring stretches in hip hop fitness in this free and easy dance lesson video .
looking for the latest fashion ? get tips for buying the perfect blouse for your women 's wardrobe in this free video clip about fashion tips for women over 30 .
learn how to make gelatin for breakfast in this free recipe video about easy breakfast in bed recipes .
how to know what do 's and don'ts of nail art ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
clay pottery requires patience and detail with every tool you use to hand craft your piece . learn about clay forming tips that you will need from a pottery expert to create matching clay bowls in this free video clip .
learn more tips on how to add effects to a song recorded with apple logic pro music software in this free video for artists , bands , and songwriters .
ca n't scrape together the cash for a birthday clown ? no problem , let our expert show you how to make a balloon flower in this free video clip .
learn about album view options in the pro tools ep scheduling software in this free software tutorial video .
learn about the importance of following good examples at martial arts school in this free martial arts training advice video from our black belt instructor .
ice fisherman often use jigs in order to catch perch when ice fishing . learn some tips for catching perch from a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
learn how to use fake firewood to light a fire , plus expert tips on how to build a fireplace , in this free how-to video .
keep nail polish on your nails by not picking at nails to maintain their longevity , maintaining natural nail care and using nail prep to lock in the base coat of nail polish . avoid removing nail polish from nails by wearing gloves and wearing gloves with advice from a licensed aesthetician in this free video on
learn how to cut clay to form the base for your female figurine sculpture . expert jorge benlloch will teach you everything you need to know to create beautiful sculpture in this free online art video .
do n't use a vegetable or water base dye , as it will not bond with the glycerin . learn how to make a snowscape watercolor painting in this free video .
proper head positions for floor gymnastics protects the neck and helps in completing each maneuver . learn about proper body positions with tips from a gymnastics coach in this free gymnastics video .
in praying mantis fighting , use the overhead block low chop technique to get an opponent to reach over their head . learn how to do praying mandis fighting with tips from a black belt instructor in this free kung fu video .
center clay on the potter 's wheel for a ceramic spout . learn how to center clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
how to cut squash for making spaghetti squash casserole ; learn more about homemade casserole recipes in this free cooking video .
punk rock guitar solos are easy to make with these tips , get expert advice on drum skills in this free video .
water color pencils can be used just like a pencil , but they can have a lot of fun as well . learn about using watercolor pencils from a professional artist in this free painting video .
learn how to make a lavender sachet decoration with expert tips on making your own bedroom accessories in this free instructional video .
supta padangusthasana in full spectrum yoga is a lying down pose on your belly . learn about paradiddles with tips from a yoga expert in this free yoga video series .
learn how to clean the outside of an oven to better its appearance in this free how-to video on how to better clean your oven .
make sure you listen to your audience . learn tips for interviewing in radio in this free series of career advice videos on radio broadcasting .
your feet should be at least six inches apart when attempting the back hurdle in diving . learn more about proper foot placement from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
in youth basketball , a good player on defense should be in front of the defender . play basketball with the coaching tips in this free video lesson on youth basketball from an experienced coach .
how to prepare the oven for curry phyllo triangles ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic curry recipe in this free cooking video .
learn how to play  dani california '' by red hot chili peppers on guitar , as featured in the video game rock band and get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar in this free music lesson video .
you need to tuck in the fabric , fold it in on the top and bottom , and leave about a half inch of fabric for the final strip . learn how to make a shaggy rug out of recycled jeans in this free home decor video .
in chair yoga for seniors , perform the lateral angle warrior two pose by turning the body to the side and releasing the hip joint . practice this intricate exercise with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free video on chair yoga .
when sculpting clay , it 's important to join the pieces in order to prevent water damage . cut clay for a sculpture with tips from an art teacher in this free video on sculpture .
learn what to wear and how to juggle with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling lesson video .
learn safety tips for jacking up cars to change the brake pads on a car with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
easy fake bruises and special effects makeup ! learn to create swollen bruise effects in this free video series on making fake bruise effects .
sometimes an ipod battery needs to be replaced , but a replacement battery is necessary because there are no serviceable parts . get an unused battery of an ice hockey shuffle with tips for a technology specialist in this free video about how to buy a new battery .
the kick and open hat in rap music is where the snare goes and the kick is on the hook . create rap beats with the best of them with tips and information from an experienced and accredited rap producer in this free video .
being in a tight package in boxing is easy with these tips , get expert advice on boxing techniques and moves in this free video .
learn how to do the bow move in this free hula hoop workout video .
learn how to make a gourd bowl in this free craft video .
learn about getting a car-racing sponsor with expert tips and advice on car racing in this free nhra racing video clip .
fold pants that do n't have a crease when they are folded . learn how to fold pants without crease in this free clothing care video .
to banish crusty , ashy elbows forever , exfoliate the skin and apply a rich moisturizer to the elbows . get rid of eczema and dermatitis with tips from a beauty editor in this free skin care video .
most english three-speed bikes have straight lines , but there are no curves on them . learn about the different styles of an english 3-speed from a vintage bicycle expert in this free video .
use a cowbell to add texture to a drum beat . learn more about using cowbells in drum beats with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
learn how to staple fabric for valance curtains for a curtain sewing project with expert sewing instructions in this free crafting video clip .
performing lower leg raises with a bar is a great way to exercise the lower part of the abdominals . learn more about abdominal exercises with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on ab exercises .
cross advancing in tai chi is useful for warming up the body and extending the arm . learn how to perform this warm up drill with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
to tweeze nostril hair , use a numbing gel or ambesol to loosen the area inside the nose , pull one hair at a time and use small , steady movements to trim the rest of the nostril . trim the nose hair with tips from
learn how to use fingers in a japanese shiatsu massage to relieve stress and tension with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
get creative and make your own wire sculpture ! learn how to make the tail of a lizard in this free video clip about making a human head sculpture .
what tools will be needed to recharge a car 's air conditioner . learn about recharging an air conditioner with refrigerant in this free car maintenance video .
the minor seventh chord , on the ukulele , consists of triads that are embellished with scales . learn to play a saxophone riff in the key of f sharp in this free video music lesson from a professional s
how to bottle home brewed cream ale ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
learn all things that you need to account for at home business tax purposes with expert tax advice in this free online self employment tax deduction video clip .
learn how to inspect the water while installing a leaky bathtub faucet in this free video .
a strong side offense , lazy defense and reactive strategies are all necessary to make a team effective . learn about the importance of communication as a part of paintball squad tactics in this free sports and recreation video series .
how to locate the heater hose . learn about flushing coolant systems in this free car maintenance video .
learn how to pick the fabric for a handmade purse with expert tips on hip , fashionable , and modern purse styles in this free sewing video clip .
learn thumbing techniques for giving a relaxing foot massage with expert sensual foot massage tips in this free online massage therapy video clip .
when playing saxophone , the g sharp major phrygian mode is a scale that begins on the third note of the a sharp major scale . play a major scale in the key of f sharp on the ukulele with tips from a
learn how to pin the sides of cloth grocery bags with expert crafting tips from an expert clothes designer in this green living and recycling video clip .
there is almost nothing you ca n't do to a picture in photoshop . learn how to use the bit map , gray scale and cmyk mode in this free video clip on this great computer program .
learn how to mix pastel paints in this free pastel art video .
play straight forward snare drum on all four coordinates with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
use a perfection loop to attach a fish to a steel leader . learn about tying perfection loops for pike fish from a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
an annuity works in several phases , including accumulation , vessel and distribution . discover more about annuities with information from a registered financial consultant in this free financial planning video .
learn how the remaining plaster is removed from the body of a prosthetic with expert tips on how to make artificial limbs in this free online prostheses video clip .
learn how to use puppets to tell the bible and pass along your faith to your kids in this free christian values and parenting video clip .
how to plate apple rice salad ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making some unique , fresh salads in this free cooking video .
there are seven hand positions on the violin neck each with it 's own specific qualities for each key . learn how to play the violin in the key of g minor from an experienced musician in this free video .
side lying double leg lifts are an advanced pilates exercise that can be done anywhere . learn tips on how to properly do this advanced form of exercise from a fitness expert in this free video clip .
calf raises are great for strengthening the calves . learn how to do calves in a kayak river rescue in this free exercise video .
using your body as a lie detector is a good way to detect a possible health problems . learn how to use muscle testing to test your body for health problems with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
learn how to apply a protective coating to a bellagio faux finish on the interior walls of your home in this free online video demonstration of painting techniques .
when cleaning toilets , use knee pads to protect the knees from dirt and debris . clean the toilet with tips from a nanny in this free video on toilet cleaning .
palming the lower part of the back in yoga can prevent wrist damage . learn how to do yoga prayer poses with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
start a list of personal needs for a pet . learn about preparing for donating with expert tips in this free moving video .
learn how to apply clear glass to glass beads in this free video series that will show you how to make these decorative beads that are perfect for homemade jewelry .
learn how to play two handed shaker percussion in the music lesson in this free video .
learn how to roll dough for homemade gnocchi dough with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian cuisine video clip .
a double snap swivel will allow you to tie on hooks or bibbits when ice fishing . learn how to jig fish with a single snap in this free fishing video from the owner of a fishing tackle store .
the big toe mudra stimulates the pituatary gland and keeps the feet and toes healthy with blood flow and better nutrient circulation . prepare muscles for a workout with this stretching exercise technique from an experienced personal trainer in this free video .
a treadmill will force a runner to maintain an average running pace over the course of time . discover how to develop a running schedule with expert tips from a fitness instructor in this free video about treadmill workouts .
here are some useful tips on playing melodic parts on a hammond organ in rock music . watch this free video on music theory .
learn about the round the corner rule of gin rummy from an expert card player in this free instructional video .
learn how to tie a correct palomar knot for hiking , climbing , or sailing in this free knot tying video clip .
learn how to file your parrot 's nails with a drill in this free pet care video about caring for parrots , taught by a veterinary technician .
indian food is full of interesting spices and flavors . learn how to add spices for indian potatoes , carrots & peas in this free recipe video .
learn how to relieve pain in the neck , car or anywhere with a spine aligner with expert chiropractic advice from an experienced chiropractor in this free alternative medicine video clip .
when conducting a job interview , write down the name and title of the interviewee and write notes . learn about writing notes on job interviews in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
learn how to sight sing using handsigns in this free voice lesson video from our sight singing expert and award-winning choir singer .
water bottles are great for weight loss and muscle building . learn to do front shoulder raises with expert tips from a professional personal trainer in this free fitness video .
learn how to use a practice chanter in this free video series that will teach you everything you need to know to play the bagpipe .
use a fine detailed brush when watercolor painting trees in order to add detail . learn more about painting trees using watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
discover tips for adding mayonnaise to american potato salad in this side dish cooking class on video .
learn how to use the seven of pentacles in this free fortune-telling video on how to read tarot cards .
learn how to do yoga with a block and the triangle with expert tips from a yoga instructor in this free exercise video about using props in yoga workouts .
supplies for building a sandcastle include shovels , buckets and shaping buckets . learn about the supplies needed to build a sandycastle from a professional artist in this free summer recreation video .
learn tips for selecting plants for a moon garden in this free gardening video .
how to play beat 1 on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
side squats on a balance ball are great for strengthening the shoulders , forearms , glutes and hamstrings . learn how to do a full body workout with a medicine ball using tips from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
learn the sivananda yoga cobra pose in this free exercise video .
in core fitness , the pelvic floor is the last part of learning to engage the abdominal muscles . find out more about abdominal muscles with tips from a personal trainer in this free workout video .
reducing freckles requires cleansing the skin with a light toner on a daily basis and keeping a sun screen on the skin to prevent breakouts . get rid of frecky skin with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video about the basics of skin care .
get a walk through of the test chamber level 3-2 for the xbox 360 game portal from the orange box with expert tips and advice from a video gamer on video games in this free video clip .
care for a labrador retriever by giving the dog lots of obedience and training in order to avoid getting fat fast . avoid overfeeding , because they can gain weight quickly , with advice from a dog trainer in this free video on dog obedience .
learn how to read the queen of cups in this free video about tarot card meanings
mastering a track in garageband is easy with a few tips and pointers . mix and edit musical tracks with this garageband feature as an experienced music producer shows how easy it is to use .
in calligraphy , the italic capital letter e begins with a round stroke called a c. learn more about calligraphic lettering variations with tips from a calligrapher in this free art video .
in chair yoga , place the feet on the floor and create a nice firm foundation . learn more about chair yoga breathing with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
acupuncture is a great alternative medicine that can be used to treat back pain . learn tips on how and why this is from an expert acupuncturist in this free video clip .
drum toms often come mounted on the same stand as cymbals so that they can be moved . find out where to put the tom in with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on drums .
there are a variety of finishes for woodturned bowls . learn more about the different finishes for a turned wood bowl in this free woodworking lesson from a woodturning instructor .
potatoes are a great side for beer-steamed shrimp . learn how to peel potatoes with tips from a professional chef in this free video about easy shrimp recipes .
start with a d minor , one , three , five , c major 7 and a 7. learn how to play voice leading arpeggios in this free upright bass video from a jazz and classical bass player .
you will need several acrylic powder tools . learn how to apply acrylic powder in this free makeup video from a television makeup artist .
george frideric handel was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
using crystals and mirrors in feng shui is a great way to bring in more light into your home . learn how to use crystals in this free video clip .
the cafe de paris is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
for a beijing chicken recipe , ginger is minced to add flavor to the rice . chop ginger with tips from a chef in this free video on chinese food recipes .
for soy and orange shrimp , chop off the fibrous ends of the garlic . chop garlic and onions and onions with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
in yoga , perform the straddle split counter pose to balance out the extreme stretch and open the hips . learn the counter pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga energy .
scrape wax off of a snowboard by using a wax scraper on a nose press . find out more about scraping off snowboard wax from a seasoned snowboarder in this free video .
how to bake crab stuffed shrimp ; get expert tips on homemade seafood recipes in this free cooking video .
the side break in salsa dancing is a movement that represents the leader and follower . learn to salsa dance and ballroom dance in this free dancing video lesson .
pull a handle for a ceramic beer stein to form a carrot shape . learn how to pull ceramic handles with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
blow red barrels straight away in the last stand in call of duty 4 : modern warfare ; learn more tips about advancing levels in this free computer gaming video .
are you an arts and crafts nut ? here is a great free painting video about how to glaze the outside of a jar .
how to make breadcrumbs for crab cakes ; learn this and more in this free online instructional cooking video about seafood taught by an expert .
how to drain coconut milk for a healthy diet in this free health video .
learn what items to include in a dog first aid kit in this free video clip .
when teaching a dog to point , it 's helpful to go out and look in action . join a group of hunters and dogs who already do the game to point them . learn how to point dogs to point in this free hunting video .
learn how to add doenjang to korean kimchi chigae stew , following this easy vegetarian recipe video .
when making a lamp shaft from a table saw , use a chop saw to create the top cap for the shaft . make a top cap with tips from an expert musician in this free video on home decor and lighting .
in soccer , the scissors move is an attack move , in which the player throws their right leg around a defender to go past the defender . do the scissors movement in soccer with tips from a soccer coach in this free video on soccer .
learn about secondary coverage in a nickel defense with expert football tips and advice from a former football player in this free football defense video clip .
a gecko herb often used in traditional chinese medicine in combination with other herbs , such as animals , rocks and afrodisiac . learn more about geckos and their medicinal uses in this free alternative medicine video .
cartooning tutorial . learn how to draw feet on cartoon villains and monsters in this free video on cartooning and drawing bad guys .
learn how to swim with your dog in this free dog training video .
so you want to be a great basketball player ? check out this free basketball warm up video and learn some tips from our pro .
evergreen trees do not need much fertilizer because of the amount of sunlight and deep applications of water . fertilize evergreen plants with tips from a gardening specialist in this free video on trees .
the yoga half forward bend is a great warm up for digestion and calming nerves . learn how to do the half forward bent yoga pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
learn how to use some personal safety tips for using cutout tools in this free educational video series .
learn how to serve an eggplant sandwich , following this heart healthy eggplant sandwich recipe video .
hire a plumber , a painter or electrician if you have any work around the house that needs to be done by logging in to a phone book and asking for references . learn how to hire someone to do electrical work at home using the home remodeling tips from the owner of a
a computer product key is usually found on the back of a pc , and it can be found under the properties tab under the general tab . find a laptop product key with tips from an experienced computer user in this free video on computers .
sometimes you do n't know what to wear underneath clothes . learn how to properly wear under clothes with expert tips in this free women 's fashion video .
looking for free window cleaning tips for residential window washing ? learn how to use a mini ladder for window cleaning from an expert in this free house cleaning video .
learn how to install underlayment on a metal roof in this free roofing instruction video .
in photoshop , add a border in the layer drop down menu by going to the layer style and selecting the stroke , which defaults to a red border of about three pixels . create a borders around a photoshop picture with tips from a portrait photographer in this free video tutorial
learn how to roll out your next card in shotgun poker in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
learn what accessories you can use while twisting with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free balloon folding video clip .
learn how medication can be used for treating restless legs syndrome and its symptoms with expert medical advice in this free health care video clip .
learn about walk down bluegrass music progressions as you learn how to fingerpick the bluegrass on the guitar , from a professional guitar player in this free video music lesson .
improve push-ups by starting with a wide stance and keeping hands down and knees down . separate the feet and lower down and up to do more difficult push ups with help from a fitness trainer in this free video on health and staying in shape .
how to curl tendrils for styling a curly hair up-do ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
when applying whiteface clown makeup , find the lines that are strongest on the face and apply them to the neck , neck and body . learn how in this free clown makeup video lesson .
flange is a guitar effect that can create a wide range of sounds and textures . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
when training for an off-road triathlon , develop an extensive endurance run where the emphasis is building volume . develop an intense run with tips from professional triathlete in this free iron man video .
this shakuhachi flute riff begins on f and moves down to an a. learn more about playing this riff with tips from a professional musician in this free video on music instruction .
when wood turning , use mid-chuck to create a shoulder for mounting in the scroll chuck . learn more about shaping a bowl from a wood turning specialist in this free video on crafts .
the ussra is the umbrella organization for squash racquets and players . learn about squash terms , including what to look for , from a squash instructor in this free video .
there is almost nothing you ca n't do to a picture in garageband . learn some tips on how to use the zooming options in this free video clip on music recording software .
learn how to stretch out your hamstrings for advanced cheerleading with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video clip on advance cheerleading moves .
developing leg muscles is important for modern dance . learn to warm-up for modern dancing with develope exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
learn how to secure knots on glass pendants with expert jewelry design tips in this free crafts video clip .
the best position in the corner is in front of you . learn about squash terms , including what position to hit in the center , in this free video from a squash instructor .
for the squash book , cut three and a half squares to coordinate with the creases . cut and score card stock for a squash book using the tips in this free video of squash book instructions from a scrapbooking enthusiast .
learn how to use mimic to create poser software characters that talk with expert 3d animation and rendering tips in this free software tutorial video .
when using a power drill , use safety gear such as eye protection , and insert the drill into the end of the drill chuck . discover how to use power drills with tips from an experienced handyman in this free video on home remodeling supplies .
adding a split ring to an id badge holder can be done with a simple wire clip , a clasp that can also be used as a necklace or as an mp3 player . beaded accessories , such as necklaces and bracelets , with great tips
samurai reaping throws are meant to break the knee , ankle or both , in order to throw an opponent forcefully and decisively . learn reaping throwings with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free video .
learn the differences between all season tires and snow tires with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
becoming a physician is a long and competitive career path with a minimum of 11 years of residency training in either a medical school or an undergraduate degree . get a job as a doctor with tips from an experienced doctor in this free medical career information video .
a delicious topping for mac and cheese . learn tips for serving berry crisp in this free mac and cake recipe from a professional caterer .
for royal icing , mix confectioner 's sugar , egg whites and lemon juice in an electric mixer . mix confectioners ' sugar and eggs with tips from a cake decorator in this free crafts video .
continuity is important in aikido and all martial arts . learn some tips on how to improve your continuity from a martial arts expert in this free video clip .
the chest fly weight lifting exercise works the major pectorals . learn how to do chest flies with tips from a personal trainer in this free weight lifting video .
learn how to fold a hood sweatshirt in this free online instructional video , including tips for folding clothes like shirts , jeans , dresses , sweaters and more .
how to make bottoms for a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
when jacking up the front of a car , place jack stands in the back of the car and raise the back . jack up the car with tips from an automotive repair specialist in this free video on car tires .
blacksmithing is a character profession in  world of warcraft '' . get expert tips and advice on video and computer games in this free video .
learn what to do when wet books with a book in this free video lesson on book care and maintenance .
the side undulation in pilates elongates the spine and stretches the thigh muscles . learn more about the side ungulation in iyengiri with tips from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
parrots are very social creatures , learn how to use negative reinforcement and punishment to train your parrot in this free pet care video clip .
the easiest skateboarding tricks to learn include the ollie , shove-it and 180. learn how to do a front side 180 , a simple skateboarding trick , with tips from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
how to play the  distorting mirrors '' improv warm-up .
a pilot is someone who manages multiple tasks at once and all while doing it in the air , carrying passengers or cargoes . get more information on a flight instructor 's job from a professional flight instructor in this free video .
learn how to hop into a bmx abubaka with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free motocross video .
shuffle drum beats are predominantly done on the snare drum but also incorporate the high hat with many possible variations . do better drum beat combinations including paradiddles and accent variations with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
how do you know if you have fallen asleep ? learn how to identify sleep problems with expert tips from a certified physical therapist in this free holistic video .
learn how to juggle two to three clubs with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling lesson video .
a symphony conductor must know how to conduct in 6/4 time . learn about ways in which conductors communicate with orchestra members in this free conducting lesson from an experienced conductor .
it 's important to store organic parsley in a nice , organic paper towel . learn some other useful tips for storing parsley from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
learn how to do a snowboard nollie on the front foot in this free video .
learn how to make a snap and play center in this free video clip on football . get football tips from a coach and improve your playing .
the bladder 15 acupressure point for insomnia is located on the fifth vertebrae . learn how to locate the bladder 14ac with tips from a yoga expert in this free alternative medicine video .
learn how to clear a tire for a bmx nose pick with expert tips and advice on bike tricks from a sponsored rider in this free motocross video .
the single and double spiral is a great way to impress your friends with a new dance move . learn to perform the double spiral from a professional dance instructor in this free video .
blending colors in pottery is a great way to highlight different parts of pottery . learn how to blend colors with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
use wooden stakes to define the areas to plant . learn how to plant ornamental grasses from a professional organic gardener in this free gardening video .
in a yoga hero pose , lengthen the spine and rotate the torso . learn hero yoga pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
learn to play 12/8ths african drum patterns with two bass drums . free video drum lessons featuring a professional drummer and drum teacher !
depending on the power source , you can store an electric hand drill in your tool box . learn more about where to store hand drills in this free video .
how to do the seasick trick with your yo-yo in this free video onyo 's and loops .
how to use a cutting tool to make rock in this free how-to video .
play drum high hat cymbal for swing music with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
when cleaning a bathroom screen , take screens outside and hose them down with water to get rid of dust and elements . clean bathroom screens with tips from an experienced housekeeper in this free video on housecleaning .
when fixing a kitchen faucet , there are a stem , valve type and a compression type of faucet . find out how each faucet works by adjusting the water temperature with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement and maintenance .
so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on the importance of guitar tuners .
whether you will stain your wood or wood deck , learn the difference between oil- and latex stains in this free deck staining video .
you do n't want all your attention in the classroom going to the right thing . learn how to manage a college classroom by giving compliments to a disruptive student in this free education video .
need to repair your knuckles ? learn how to reline your suspension and start the bolts with expert auto maintenance tips in this free car repair video clip .
get started in nhra racing by finding an accredited car school that will teach you how to get your license and learn more about car racing in this free car-racing video .
learn how to rabbit ear the origami butterfly with expert tips for a master origamiris artist in this free online origamiji craft video clip .
compensate for the arc of a golf cart by sitting close to the ball . learn about golf cart arc adjustments from an expert in this free video clip .
here are some tips on how to play a blues keyboard in any key on the piano that will help you be a better musician in this free video clip .
the most common forms of foot reflexology techniques include finger walking and thumb walking . discover more about different types of foot reology techniques with tips from a licensed massage therapist in this free video series on foot care .
when inhaling and exhaling in yoga , expand the stomach and pull the breath in . learn to breathe correctly in this free hatha yoga video .
i feel very tired . how do you feel tired ? learn how to do sign language related to describing people in this free education video .
learn how to make homemade valentine 's gifts from a professional art teacher in this free video about tips for making a handmade card .
this dark world card negates one normal spell card . learn about the dark world trap card in this free yu-gi-oh lesson from a strategy and rpg game teacher
the flute should be pointed in the right hand when hollowing out the inside of a bowl . get expert woodturning tips on using a flute in this free crafts video .
remove rust from wood tools by making a paste of baking soda , lemon juice or vinegar and sanding the surface with a paper towel . apply a light oil or wd-40 to dissolve heavy rust on a woodturning tool with tips from a remodeling contractor
how to sanitize brewing equipment for home brewing cream ale ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
watch as a window-cleaning professional explains how to determine the size , style and shape of a squeegee in this free online video about cleaning exterior windows .
stained-glass projects are always going to be working from a pattern or print on paper . learn more about working with stained glass in this free video series .
the evolution of videography has changed over the last decade . learn about wedding videography from a professional in this free wedding video .
how to do part two of these high hat drum exercises ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
bossa nova drum-beat rhythms are made up of syncopated ride hits , snare-drum rim clicks on both downbeats and upstrokes and an ostanato bass-drum pattern . do better drum beats including paradiddles and
circular saws can perform a variety of cuts across the grain of wood . learn more about cross cuts from a professional carpenter in this free video .
learn about the ingredients for making apple pie and get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
when writing a contract , consider hiring an attorney if the agreement is worth anything , or if an agreement is not written at all , it should be reviewed by the courts . write a valid contract and communicate important information about the parties with advice from a certified family mediator in this
making jeans soft and more comfortable will increase the ease of wearing denim . learn more about making denim soft with tips from a fashion designer in this free video on denim jeans .
using a compression hand sprayer is easy with these tips , get expert advice on lawn care and maintenance in this free video .
mash potatoes for homemade mac and cheese ; learn tips , tricks and more in this free online cooking video taught by chef morris .
when buying a telescope as a first instrument , it 's helpful to go to star parties and meet with other astronomers to see the sky . purchase the right telescope with tips from an observatory director in this free astronomy video .
learn tips and techniques for mastering the arm pressure pose advanced arm balance yoga position and stretches in this free how-to video on advanced yoga poses for arm balance .
the arm bar submission move is done from the guard position and involves grabbing an opponent 's elbow . do arm bars with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves and grappling techniques .
cycling exercises can help you stay fit and healthy . see how it can help your breathing in this free video clip .
look taller and thinner by wearing clothing in similar color tones and wearing clothes that do n't have cuffs to show the lean legs and long legs . wear clothes that hit just above the heels to show off the legs with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion
when conducting a bike tour , choose the right cycling shoes , helmets , and gloves for comfort . find out more about cycling shoes and shoes from an experienced cyclist and bike tour guide in this free biking video .
recharging a car 's air conditioner with refrigerant requires the car to be recharged . learn how to recharge an air conditioner after r12 to 134a with help from a specialist in car restoration in this free car maintenance video .
massage movements are the main part of an eye soothing treatment . learn how to use massage movements to soothe tired eyes from a professional aesthetician in this free health and beauty video .
start with an open d string . learn about playing upright bass d major scales and arpeggios in this free stringed instrument video from a jazz and classical bassist .
when drawing people , leave the face un-untouched , and start with six heads and one body . draw people with tips from an illustrator and caricaturist in this free video on drawing and caricature art lessons .
abstract artists can use cutting out and moving shapes around paper to create ideas for art projects . cut out and move shapes around for an abstract painting using the techniques in this free art lesson from an art instructor .
piano is one of the most versatile instruments that is able to set any mood . major 13th tensions are a part of that you will learn in this video .
fairies can be drawn in a variety of styles and looks , including human form , dark circles and mystery in the face . draw fairies with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
learn the two fighting stances in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin karate instructor tony capraro .
air bubbles must be removed from clay before it can be fired . learn how to recycle clay for making clay celtic art sculptures in this free art lesson video .
learn how to add the scent for soy candles with expert craft tips for making environmentally friendly , handmade soi candles .
a skateboard nollie frontside 180 is when you are riding in a switch position and fakie , which means pretty much riding backwards . learn how to do a nollies frontside 360 in this free skateboarding video lesson .
if you are going to visit the dentist , learn about the cost of dental whitening strips in this free oral health video from a dentist .
learn how to optimize the operating system when optimizing a computer in this free home organization video clip .
to clean film holder holders , wrap film holders in a towel to keep dust out of the surface . clean film holders with tips from a professional photographer in this free photography video .
to adjust the height of a unicycle seat , use allen wrenches to tighten the front handle and adjust the seat height . learn more about adjusting a six foot unicycl with seat height in this free video clip about beginning to ride a seven-foot bicycle .
tone shoulders with exercise bands . learn how to tone shoulders in this free fitness video from a gold 's gym personal trainer .
learn how to mix the chorus in a rap song in order to produce a hit rap track in this free video series that will have you creating rhythmic rap music in no time .
learn how the aces are used in blackjack from a professional casino dealer in this free gambling video .
how to use a stop valve when making your own wine ; learn more about wine in this free instructional video .
learn how to attach the apron to a table in this free carpentry and woodworking video .
the walls of ceramic glaze test tiles are pulled from the clay onto the wheel . pull ceramic walls for glaze test tile walls with tips from a potter in this free video on ceramics .
to make your own music at home , figure out where you will record vocals and reverb , and consider recording in a closed room like a shower or bathroom . find a place to record music with tips from a professional musician in this free video on music recording .
learn what blood pressure is and how it relates to your life and health with expert medical tips in this free health care video clip .
loosen up your lower back with dumbbell dead lifts . discover workout tips to strengthen and tone your legs in this free training video .
using a uv agent , learn how to apply surfboard laminating resin in this free surfing video about how to repair a surfboard .
oily skin is caused by over-productive sebaceous glands , also known as oil glands and requires a healthy eating plan . fight oil-y skin with tips from a beauty editor in this free video on skin care .
looking for eye makeup tips ? learn how to apply eyeliner with cream in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
learn how to watch the crowd and what makes a crowd laugh with expert stand-up comedy tips and techniques in this free comedy lesson video .
for blackened shrimp spinach , the thyme can be sliced in several different ways . cut thalyme for this chicken recipe with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
mai thai is a fruity island inspired cocktail that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
in three-ball juggling , columns have two balls being thrown straight up and straight down . throw columns when doing trickily with tips from a professional juggler in this free video on hobbies .
make a commitment to go to a car race a full season ; learn how with tips from our professional driver in this free car-racing video .
make sure that you write down any shots you want to have for your wedding day . learn about wedding videography from a professional in this free wedding video .
how to split the dark tea leaves for making tropical flower arrangements ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
learn how to get around a hill or flat ground when mountain biking uphill in this free bike tricks training video for the beginner cyclist .
the 5-3 defense in football is a team that does n't have any defined superstars . run a 5-3 football defense with tips from a former college football player in this free video on football .
piano is one of the most versatile instruments that is able to set any mood . major 7th tensions are a part of that you will learn in this video .
in calligraphy , the italic letter g is written in the descenders space . learn more about calligraphic lettering in this free handwriting video from a calligrapher with three decades of lettering experience .
a groin strike is very effective for women 's self-defense . learn how to do this for women in this free self defense video from a martial arts master .
how to create a one-and-a-half inch bounce for curly hairstyles ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn techniques for painting and decorating sneakers in this free video clip about how to apply the first layer of paint to sneakers .
in yoga , the torso twist with buddha arms exercise is a great way to engage the shoulders and strengthen the core . perform the core twist with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on core flow vinyasa yoga .
learn how to stretch your legs for a track and field meet in this free sports events , stretching , and preparation video clip .
goto telescope mounts are fork-driven telescopes that use electronic devices to align stars in the night sky . learn about goto mounts for telescopes from an observatory director in this free astronomy video .
a television producer 's hardest day revolves around putting six people on an aerial tv show , jumping off an antenna and cutting off a parachute to make it safely back onto the ground . hear about this television producers ' hardest day in this free video on
posture is important for marching band to carry themselves throughout the show . learn how to march with a band in this free music video series .
for shrimp with curried onions , remove the lid from the vegetables and add the sweet juice . remove shrimp from the heat with tips from a professional chef in this free video series on culinary arts .
a popcorn snowman makes a great christmas decoration . learn how to attach popcorn to a snowman in this free christmas decoration video .
daiginjo is a premium sake produced in 1903 that was brewed in a vertical tower milling machine . find out more about the history of the sake in this free video sake guide from a master sake sommelier .
many antique clocks can be remade with battery power . find out why some clocks are not worth their value with the help of a clock repairman and collector in this free video on antique collecting .
learn how medication is best to use with a xepenex machine in this free health video on prescription drugs .
to become a fashion designer , give a drawing more shape with a spaghetti strap . learn to draw fashion designs with tips from an illustrator in this free drawing video .
learn how to put together a sleeping bag and foam pad for night camping in this free video series .
home blood testing is fairly simple , but transfer a sample to the collection cup with a temperature strip . learn about taking home blood test kits with tips from a certified medical assistant in this free drug testing video .
mounting a snowboard requires specific equipment , such as a board , bindings and a pair of head screwdrivers . find out what tools and hardware are needed to mount snowboards from a professional snowboarder in this free extreme sports video .
you can make the pipe cleaner tail come right out the back , but you 've got to choose placement . learn how to make mixed media rats from a professional art instructor in this free crafts video .
learn how to use html to build your own website in this free computer programming video .
learn how to serve bruschetta with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian recipe video clip .
finding a rising horoscope requires determining the time of day and placing the first breath in the first , second and third houses in the same position at the same time . learn how to figure out a growing homonym in this free video on zodiac signs .
you have to hear about these bizarre hollywood stories about 'chiago ' . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
women 's trench coats were common in the 1920s , and they came in a number of different lengths and colors . choose a trench coat for women over 30 with tips from a fashion stylist in this free video on style advice .
courbet was the founder of the realism art movement known as the wrestlers . learn more about the painter 's work with tips from an art historian in this free fine art video .
the mouth is the last thing you need to make your little girl 's face . learn how to make a rag doll mouth in this free crafts video .
learn how to keep contact with strangers at theme parks in this free video series that will keep your family and your kids happy , healthy and safe while visiting a theme or amusement park .
a single espresso is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
how to serve a spanish omelette ; get expert tips and advice on making traditional cuban breakfast recipes in this free cooking video .
how to cut pineapples to make your skewers for your hawaiian pork dish ; tips , tricks and cooking suggestions in this free online cooking video on ethnic food taught by an expert chef .
learn how to fold a men 's shirt to avoid wrinkles with expert advice in this free traveling video on folding clothes in a suitcase .
in order to be a good pig for a competition , a judge will want to see the pig they are showing . learn about showing pigs for competition at the verde valley fair from an ffa member in this free animal husbandry video .
when watercolor painting a house and church , mix yellow and rose together to paint the side of the house in order to create a gray tone for the bottom . learn more about painting the sides of a home and church watercolor painting from a professional artist in this free painting video .
to put in hair extensions by yourself , avoid pulling the hair back , glue little hair pieces in or clip hair extensions in the extensions , and hold them in place across the scalp for two to two minutes . use a hairpiece or clip to attach hair extensions with styling advice from a professional
creating an origami fox puppet requires folding the edges into a triangle . learn how to finish creating a paper puppet with tips from an expert in this free craft video .
learn how to finish the folds for an origami rose with expert tips for a master origamient artist in this free online origamiji craft video clip .
learn how to edit a singer 's lyrics in this free video series that will show you how to perfect your singing and vocal technique .
first time audition ? learn tips for memorizing your dialogue for your on camera audition in this free video clip from a casting director .
lp , bp and hp filters in fruity loops are just some of the filters you can use . learn how to use the wasp filter in fl studio in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to access music recording software .
attach the sides of a ceramic platter with score marks and slip . learn how to attach platter sides with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
pro tool is in almost every big studio in the world . learn how to use keyboard shortcuts in this free video series .
learn how to punch holes in a double-walled pottery teapot in this free video lesson on ceramic art .
use a woodturning tool rest until the corners are removed . learn how to remove a bowl from the hump on a lathe with an experienced woodturner in this free crafts video .
save an excel file as an html file by using the drop down menu and selecting save as , then formatting the file with html . save an avg file to html with tips from an assistant certified public accountant in this free video on microsoft excel .
a convertible collar fashion design should be worn with the top down . learn more about convertible collar designs with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
when applying whiteface clown makeup , highlight the eyes , mouth and nose with three different colors of white , black and red . learn more in this free clown makeup video guide .
learn how to add some eggs to a gourmet coffee cake recipe from our expert in this free baking video on gourmet desserts and recipes .
make sure the styrofoam matches the base of the stage . learn how to make a portable puppet theater in this free crafts video .
use a block plane to smooth the surfboard stringers . learn how to smooth a surfboard from a professional surfboard shaper in this free surfing video .
the seated side stretch is a great yoga pose for energizing the body and waking up in the morning . learn how to do a seated yoga side stretch with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
there are several ways to french braid hair , including the middle french braid , underneath and underneath , depending on the look of the hair . french braid under and under hair with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
use photoshop 's output levels to adjust colors . learn how to adjust photos in photoshop in this free graphic design tutorial from an image manipulation expert .
learn the full lotus pose to stretch and open your hips to prepare you to put your foot behind your head , in this free yoga instruction video clip .
how to start baking torte cake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
so you want to be a great basketball player ? check out this free basketball warm up video and learn some tips from our pro .
how to examine the finished clay for your dolphin sculpture ; tips and techniques to have you sculpting like a pro in no time in this free online art lesson on video taught by expert jorge benlloch .
utensils for chinese people include bamboo chop sticks that are used for everyday eating . learn etiquette for using chop sticks from an international business consultant in this free ephemera video .
learn how to cook pita bread to make bruschetta with expert cooking tips in this free traditional italian recipe video clip .
learn how to juggle with two hands with beginner and advanced four ball patterns in this free juggling tricks and patterns video .
learn about necklaces in this free video clip about retro clothing .
learn the cradle pose to stretch and open your hips to prepare you to put your foot behind your head , in this free yoga instruction video clip .
learn tips on the correct way to block a reverse trick play in this free video clip on american football .
in this free swimming lesson video , a child should learn how to swim with a doggy paddle to get children comfortable with the water .
radio interviewers need to know when they are on the mic . learn how to interview radio guests in this free radio station overview from an experienced radio technician .
dismount a ceramic beer stein from the potter 's wheel using a sponge to form a foot that is both aesthetically pleasing and functional . learn about ceramic bottle dismounts with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
making your hair look thicker and fuller requires adding curls and lifting off the scalp with a pick comb . get hair looking thicker with tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
home on the range is a very well-known song that should be easier to learn on upright bass than a lesser known one and this is important to realize when choosing songs to learn . learn tips on how to play this song from a music expert in this free video clip .
smooth out the walls of a ceramic teapot with a metal tool . learn how to smooth out walls with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
keep your html files organized so that they do n't re-link . learn how to create a sample website in this free web design tutorial from a professional web designer .
how long does it take to germinate tomatoes ? learn how to determine the best temperature for growing tomato seedlings from seed in this free gardening video .
watch and learn from an expert how to use a wall hanger for hanging large , small pictures in this free interior design video on techniques and tips for hanging pictures .
wearing a helmet helps cavers stay safe in caves , and both lights are required ; learn to cave safely in this free video on caving ( spelunking ) and recreation .
learn how to wrap a script for a play with expert playwriting advice in this free play production and theater video clip .
learn what ingredients are needed for natural acne with expert skin care tips in this free beauty video clip .
learn how to use a foot polish scrub to exfoliate and moisturize the feet with expert sensual foot care tips in this free online massage therapy video clip .
curtains will prevent them from sticking out when they are removed . remove curtains with tips from a professional decorator in this free home improvement video .
learn how to mix the seasonings for chicken cacciatore and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert chef karl james .
looking for a self defense course ? learn how to get out of a double hand wrist grab in this free video about self defense techniques for women .
open turns are great for swimmers who do n't require the competitive swimming turn . learn how to do open turns in this free swimming lesson video from an expert on health and fitness .
learn how to use the audience to connect with the puppet when performing with it to make your puppet come alive with expert puppeteering tips in this free online performance video clip .
the yoga boat pose is a great beginning yoga pose for newcomers to yoga exercises . learn the boat pose in this free yoga video .
the sand wedge is a great golf club to chip with to make the golf ball go out of the ruff . learn how this is done from a golf expert in this free video clip .
how to make the filling for cheesecake ; get expert tips on baking homemade dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
the most famous city in new orleans is the rebirth brass band , which hosts many national and regional bands . explore the city 's famous music with tips from a professional musician in this free video on touring .
learn how to approach a bmx peg wheelie , as well as tips and instructions for other bike tricks , from a pro rider in this free instructional video .
you can choose to make lengths , lengths and lengths as long as you want with the braid . learn how to make a braided rug out of recycled jeans in this free home decor video .
clean up after painting a living room by using a paint bucket and roller . find out how to clean up paint with tips from a professional painting contractor in this free video on home decor .
learn how to install the front plates of a baby room in this free video clip .
learn how to add red wine to rabbit stew , including tips and tricks and learn this and more in this free cooking video about game taught by an expert chef .
the zen yoga bent leg lunge is a more advanced yoga pose . if you are experienced with yoga , learn how to do a bent lunge in this free yoga video .
learn how to cut slabs of clay to make a head sculpture with expert tips in this free art lesson video .
learn about the different styles of car seats in this free video on child safety seats .
if you are a performance artist , you can get free stuff from the mfta . learn about performance art in this free conceptual art video .
woolly buggers are a great fishing accessory to add to your fishing trip . learn about the materials you 'll need to make this fishing tool in this free fishing video .
the highest value on any die side is the ace . learn about hand rankings in poker dice in this free dice games video from a successful poker player .
the raised garden beds serve an ergonomic purpose of defining where plants go and where people can go . farm and care for plants correctly and safely with tips from an experienced farmer in this free video .
learn how to find the spleen six acupressure point for iron deficiency symptoms of depression with expert medical tips in this free health care video clip .
the southern gin cocktail is a mixed drink with tequila that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
to do a taekwondo move , have the right physical condition , such as lifting by the legs and bringing the knee up to waist height . find out how to get the proper physical condition to perform this move with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video
start a children 's educational journey with a spindle box . learn how montessori teaches the concept of spinning with the help of a child in this free educational video clip .
learn how to go to a model car show in this free video series that will having you building pristine model cars in no time .
if you missed a spray tan step , learn how to spray the inside of your legs with tips from a beautician in this free sunless tanning video .
a small back backpack is necessary for a day hike , and it 's best to pack for an emergency , such as water bottles , flashlights , toilet paper and a compass . pack effectively and efficiently for day hikes with tips from a backpacking guide
test surfboard glass color to see if it needs to be repaired . learn how to repair a surfboard from a professional surfboard shaper in this free surfing video .
it 's important to have good light on your clothes when you are ironing clothes . learn more about where to iron clothes and other tips on laundry and clothing care in this free video .
learn about collars for service dogs with expert tips on therapy dog training in this free animal care video clip .
when planting sod in the wintertime , make sure that the roots have at least two , three inches of compost or potting soil above clay . lay down sod during the winter with tips from a sustainable gardener in this free video on gardening .
try the extreme angle volley backhand to improve your tennis control . learn how to play beginner tennis from our expert instructor in this free sports video .
how to assemble a biscuits-style box for furniture repair ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on woodworking tools in this free instructional video .
the soundman is usually providing sound equipment for the sound person in the video interview process . learn how to work with a soundman from an experienced interviewer in this free film production video .
learn how to finish up the tail of an origami cat with expert tips for a master origamient artist in this free online origamiji craft video clip .
hot sauce is the last part of the salsa . learn how to make pork chops with black bean banana sauce from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
making a finger joint jig is a set up for a table saw that cuts slots for the table saw . make finger joints with tips from a professional carpenter in this free video on home repair .
in pilates , the spine stretch forward is great for lengthening the spine and focusing on posture . stretch the spine with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
pulling clay on the wheel for a ceramic cylinder will create a consistent clay body with no air bubbles . learn how to pull clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
leash training a dog to not pull the dog requires communication with the dog and not pulling . learn more about training dogs to walk on a leash with tips from an animal behavior expert in this free dog training video .
donating blood can save lives ! learn how blood is converted to blood in this free video clip about the facts of blood donation .
how to pick the right pot for growing houseplants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for indoor plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
looking for new billiard balls ? learn tips for racking in nine ball with this free video clip about how to play nine ball .
a good headboard will bring more love into a bedroom . learn how to strengthen relationships with feng shui in this free interior design and home decorating ideas video .
use the stay command in areas where a dog does not enter a certain area . learn when to use the keep command in this free dog training video .
skiers can benefit from weight-training exercises like lateral bosu ball bound exercises , which engage the quadriceps , hamstrings and calves , glutes and the core . learn to do lateral bound water ski weight training with tips from a personal trainer
learn some great tips on how to do an arm swing to warm-up for a back handspring in this free instructional video on doing upper body exercises .
learn how to spin lug nuts down after replacing your shocks with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
the spinning top is a slightly more advanced origami model that is fun to create anywhere . learn tips from an expert on how to fold this model in this free video clip .
johann sebastian bach wrote a wide range of pieces for different types of instruments . learn about sebastien bach 's music with tips from a violinist in this free music lesson video .
learn how to mix the ingredients with expert tips and advice on making arroz con pollo from our expert in this free cooking recipes on video .
sticky keys in windows can be disabled by pressing the ctrl , alt and delete keys to gain accessibility . use sticky keys on a computer with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
when making piping , use rulers , tailor 's chalk and piping foot equipped for sewing a sewing machine . find out more about sewing piping to piping with tips from a seamstress in this free sewing video .
materials you 'll need to make a duck decoy from clay include a rotating plate , water-based clay and plasticine . learn about clay sculpture and tools with tips from an art teacher in this free sculpting video .
how to plate falafel following this easy greek video recipe .
for the paper dragonfly craft , cut strips of medium weight paper that are about an inch and a half to two inches wide . cut and cut paper for a gingerbread house with tips from a veteran scrapbooker in this free video on arts and crafts .
tips for defensive end to stay at home on plays that go in opposite direction . learn how to stay with expert tips and advice on the defensive end position in this free video clip on football .
using a click track on a four track recorder is easy with these tips , get expert advice on music recording in this free video .
after running , extend one leg out and bring the other foot into the inner thigh to cool down . cool down after running with tips from an aerobics instructor in this free video on running .
how to set up dj headphones ; get expert tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
the mid layer layer needs not to be cotton , it needs to be synthetic or wool . learn about mid layer clothing layers in this free video on camping gear and the great outdoors .
kickboxers combine a front kick , roundhouse kick and spinning side kick to defeat an attacker in a sparring match , street fight or cage fight . learn kickboxing fighting combinations such as a spinning front kick with a demonstration from a fourth-degree black belt in this
in advanced three-ball juggling , column passes to the left hand help the balls stay in columns . juggle column passes with three balls with tips from a professional juggler in this free video on hobbies .
texture in a pastel drawing will define and define the edges . learn how to define shadows with tips from a professional artist in this free instructional art video .
learn basic steps with a partner when dancing the mambo in this free video dance lesson .
a green shirt , collared shirt with buttons will make a leprechaun costume more interesting . pick out a shirt for a makeup artist for st. paddy 's day in this free costume video .
how do i deal with my child 's behavior ? learn how to teach and understand the behavior of children in this free video on parenting and education .
tennis requires a lot of practice to achieve excellence . learn more about tennis preparation from a professional tennis instructor in this free sports video .
learn how to install drawer fronts in a dresser in this free diy woodworking video .
make popular holiday drinks for yourself , family , and friends ! learn how to make this frosty egg nog drink recipe with expert tips in this free video .
learn to do the ccs footwork transition move in this free video clip .
to make a handmade slipper , a silk flower is a great gift for mother 's day that mom will love . learn more about making handmade slippers with expert tips on hip , fashionable , and modern slippers in this free video .
when watercolor painting an orchid , use water to clean up the outline of the flower . learn more about identifying cyanotype flowers with tips from a professional artist in this free painting video .
a skateboard nollie lip slide on a quarter pipe is a great variation of a front side lip slide . get tips on doing a nose lip slide from a professionally sponsored skateboarder in this free skateboarding video .
when warming up with barbell , start by loading the bar with medium weight and lift to the middle of the shin . warm up with tips from a professional trainer in this free video on personal fitness .
want to be a ninja ? with this free video clip , learn how to do the sheinokoto strike in this free self defense video .
clean up excess clay on the pottery wheel using a wood trim tool . learn more about cleaning up clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
firefighters use nylon webbing to hold tools such as hoses , limbs and arms . learn about the uses of firefighter webbing in this free firefighting video from a fire captain .
learn about the benefits of restorative yoga in this free fitness video .
tulips and daffodils make great spring flowers for a mediterranean floral centerpiece . add spring flowers to a centerpiece with tips from a floral designer in this free video on centerpieces .
learn how to do an oblique abdominis side bend workout with an inversion table workout with expert tips and advice on exercise from a fitness expert in this free health and fitness video .
learn fashion tips for plus size women in this free video clip about evening wear for plus sizes .
when installing a vinyl fence , mix concrete with water in order to prevent water from collecting at the base of the fence post . mix concrete and water with tips from a fence company employee in this free video on home improvement .
the best way to apply vehicle decals is to tape the base of the vehicle . use vinyl edging tape to tape car graphics with help from a specialist in car restoration in this free video on car maintenance and auto repairs .
in math , the absolute value of a number is its distance from zero on the number number table . solve an absolute value equation with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
cross picking on the mandolin is easy with these tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
when writing a college research paper bibliography , know the subject , author , title and place of publication for a research paper . write a great bibliography with tips from an english teacher in this free video on college research papers .
learn to make a paper balloon in this free video on pop-up gifts and cards . .
masks are a creative way for kids to play . learn how to make a butterfly mask in this free video clip about easy craft masks .
learn about checking the structure of an airplane before taking off in this free how to fly video .
billiards is a great game to pass the time . learn the object of eight-ball pool from a pool expert in this free video clip .
in cha-cha drumming , off the beat and then on the beat , play the bass drum twice during the off-then-thai conga pattern . learn to play along with off-Thai techniques with tips from a professional drummer in this free video
the tree pose , in yoga , is a great way to increase stability and improve balance . learn how to do the tree yoga pose with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
black is an intense color , it can gobble up and dominate your painting . learn how to paint a seascape with black highlights in this free oil painting lesson from our experienced painter .
learn the chinese characters for zhuan 4 with tips on writing and pronouncing chironic characters from a third-degree black belt and korean dialect in this free video on tan tui .
how to draw a stuffed animal in this instructional arts and crafts video taught by an expert seamstress .
here are some important tips on how to play keyboard in a band . watch this free video clip on music theory .
when buying a chainsaw , look for something larger on the upper end of the price scale for clearing a large tree . buy a gas-powered chainsaw with tips from an experienced handyman in this free video on home remodeling supplies .
gesso creates a nice surface to paint on top of your acrylic paints . learn how to stretch and prepare a canvas for painting from a professional artist in this free video .
asian food can be some of the best for you . learn about the ingredients to make green peas , bell peppers and red peppers in this free video clip on healthy eating .
a irish tap dance step involves shuffles , hops and a turn in tap dancing . learn tap dancing steps for beginners , such as the 'irish ' step , in this free video lesson from a dance teacher .
denmark christmas traditions involve many unique activities . learn more about the christmas traditions in denmark with this free holiday video .
the best handmade cards and envelopes ! learn how to make a creative pop-up heart card from scratch in this free video .
learn how to do the locust to down dog yoga pose for new mothers in this free fitness video .
make sure track is bused out when adding reverb . learn how to adjust the mix in logic pro 8 software in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
learn how to draw the fictional aspect of animals including a horse , cowboy , bear and bear with expert cartoon drawing tips in this free online art instruction video clip .
use a half inch round overbit to router bookcase . learn how to make a simple bookcase from a woodworker in this free home carpentry video .
bubbles form on furniture in the wood . learn how to fix damaged or broken veneer furniture in this free woodworking video .
crossing a soccer ball is done by facing forward and swinging the leg with an inward motion in order to turn the ball towards a teammate . cross a goalie with tips from a youth soccer coach in this free video on soccer .
hide thick arms by wearing sleeves that are close to the arms and by wearing jackets or sleeve shorts to camouflage the top of the arms . wear jackets to hide the upper arms with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
how to play the twelfth part of the song 'come together ' by ringo starr ; get professional tips and instruction on playing pop songs on percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
learn how to be the domino over both dogs in this free dog obedience video , with tips from an expert dog trainer .
a healthy guacamole should have five servings of fruits and vegetables every day . learn more about eating healthy with tips from a certified nutritionist in this free health video .
the glute bridge is similar to the triceps sit . learn how to do the weekend warrior workout in this free exercise and fitness video .
the d major , along with every other scale , has different modes which are determined by the starting and ending note played in the scale . learn how to play the first mode called the ionian mode from an expert violinist in this free video clip .
using cardboard , cut out sandpaper , help your child identify where the numeral goes . learn how to make a number in this free educational video about language montessori methods .
in indoor soccer , kicks and kickings can be very difficult to get by the goalie , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills , moves , and rules in this free video .
the ride cymbal syncopation is the driving force of the groove . learn eighth note syncopations with expert tips in this free drumming video .
toggle is a feature in garageband that allows the user to sustain with a loop . mix and edit musical tracks with this garageband feature as an experienced music producer shows how easy it is to use .
how to clean up after applying old age makeup ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
learn how to play and teach this great game for practicing math with expert teaching tips in this free online kids math games video clip .
the most common problem with partial dentures is being too loose and moving around . learn about other problems with dentures from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
practice improv with the  beastie rap '' game . learn some great tips on how to do a rap game in this free video on theatre acting .
the french grip is a way to hit a cymbal with tom-tom drums . learn how to hold a french grip in this free video .
explore different views in adobe photoshop to get the most out of the picture . learn about filters and tools used to create photoshop special effects in this free photoshop tutorial video .
playing mandolin scales is easy with these finger pattern tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
the aikido ikkyo wrist grab defense is a martial art that uses your opponent 's momentum to attack and drop them to the ground . watch this free video clip and learn how to avoid and take down an opponent as they try a wrist grab .
when watercolor painting an orchid , mix clean water to create a hard edge . learn more about mixing watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
what is a jump rope mat ? learn how to train for boxing by jumping rope in this free training video on exercises for boxers .
if you are interested in video production , learn how to use the portrait mode with the canon eos 40d digital slr camera in this free production video .
how to remove moisture from hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn how to use compression in home recording studio equipment . get tips on how to direct a recording session in this free video .
in this violin scale , e flat ( eb ) is the first note to play in the g harmonic minor scale . play the sixth scale degree of the ionian violin scale with tips from a violinist in this free video music lesson on violin .
the elbow will go forward when both hands grab . learn how to defend against a double wrist grab in this free martial arts video from a martial arts master .
how to choose options when encoding video to dvd in this free home movie video .
learn how to chop celery to cook cajun recipe crawfish etouffee in this free online video lesson .
when oil painting a portrait , extend the eyes in order to make them look more natural . learn more about extending the eyes from a professional artist in this free painting video .
the praying mantis pressing block is done with an open hand and uses a strong palm . learn how to do praying mandis pressing blocks in this free kung fu video from a black belt instructor .
a linen look for tuxedos includes a two-button , two-notch suit with a short side vent . learn more about the linen look in this free video on formal wear .
the side stepping lunge with overhead press exercise is a great leg strengthening exercise without overhead arms . learn how to do a side step lunge in this free fitness video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
learn about the benefits of body sculpting for new mothers in this free fitness video .
writing rap music can be difficult . learn how to write a good rap verse in this free video clip .
how to use a diameter curling iron for styling a curly hair up-do ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
learn how to use a hapkido whip for self defense in this free martial arts video from our expert master david herbert .
pregnant women should fortify their diet to keep them from being depleted of essential fatty acids . stay a healthy pregnant woman with tips from a certified nutritionist in this free video on pregnancy and child care .
you want to think carefully about what tricks flow well into others . learn how to make a routine when juggling three balls in this free hobby video .
when sanding a bowl in wood turning , use the grain to account for spalted wood . learn how to inspect a turned wood bowl in this free woodworking lesson from a woodturning instructor .
learn how to prepare your legs before shaving with expert grooming tips in this free hair removal video clip .
a car 's cooling system usually generates too much heat and is overheating . check the thermostat and radiator hoses to diagnose cooling system problems with help from an auto mechanic in this free video on car repair and diagnostics .
how to put clay on the potter 's wheel for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
eyelash tinting involves getting a professional to clean the eye area and use vegetable dyes to color the eyelashes . learn about the process of dyeing the eye lashes with information from an experienced cosmetologist in this free video on beauty .
perform the bo staff cross strike technique starting with the yin and yang grip . get bo staff technique tips for doing a cross strike in this free video on bo staff techniques .
change a flat tire by undoing the valve stem , taking off the valve cap and pulling the tire lever around the edge of the tire . remove a bike tire and put some air in the tube with tips from a bicycle mechanic in this free video on bike maintenance and repairs .
by using a kwl chart , teach a child how to read by reading aloud ; learn more reading tips in this free child-development video .
learn how to do a rainbow kick in soccer with expert tips and advice on soccer skill and techniques in this free online soccer video clip .
learn how to do a 640 push pull when engaging in the outdoor recreational sport of broadway in this free video series .
learn how to add wine to make picadillo con arroz with expert cooking tips in this free classic cuban recipe video clip .
sweep picking is a guitar technique that instills a certain style of music in b minor . learn a few tips on how to use sweep picking in this free video clip on musical instruments .
techniques for using a mountain range brush when painting a wall mural ; learn this and more in this free online painting video about wall murals taught by expert artist ian loveall .
when drilling a hole in wood , make sure the drill is in the forward position with good firm grip and push down with a trigger when pushing down and pulling down on the trigger . drill in wood with tips from a home remodeling specialist in this free video on home repairs and maintenance .
a pink lemonade is a mixed alcoholic drink that contains vodka , sour mix and a dash of lime juice . make this delicious alcoholic beverage with tips from a bartender in this free video on bartending drinks .
wine and cheese go well together . learn how to pair cheese and wine from a professional writer , speaker and sommelier in this free culinary video .
in rock music drummers typically hit the snare and kick drum on a consistent beat . learn some tips from a drum expert on how to do this basic rock drum technique in this free video clip .
stage presence is a great tool for every performer to have under their belt . learn how to improve your stage presence while performing in this free video series .
learn how to use the whalebone glider artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
in weight lifting , push-up exercises work the triceps , back and chest muscles . learn to do push up exercises with tips from a personal trainer in this free weight lifting video .
learn how to correctly and quickly read a half bend on guitar tabs in this free video series that will have you fluently reading guitar tables in no time .
parts of a hookah include the base , which holds water , the filter and stem , and the stem which filters carcinogens . assemble a hookedah with tips from a smoke-free enthusiast in this free video on hook-ah smoking .
to read a guitar chord chart , take a drawing and number the strings . learn more about reading guitar chord charts with expert tips in this free guitar video .
taekwondo demonstrations , like the arm bear , are great practice forms of kung fu fighting . learn the second part of the osoro garu outer reap from a 5th degree aikido black belt and martial arts hall of
press down arms in belly dancing pulls the belly button in , the knees are bent and the chest lifted . learn how to do press down arm movements with an undulation belly dancing move with tips from a dance expert in this free dance lesson video .
how to prepare the skin to apply high fashion makeup ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetics like you see in fashion magazines and fashion shows in this free beauty video .
to purl continental style knitting stitches , begin by placing the right hand needle through the front of the needle , pull the right needle off of the left needle and repeat the stitch with the left hand needle . purl the continental style of knitting stitches with tips from an experienced knitter in this free video
in the senegalese sabar dance , the women 's sixth shake tap dance has a straight shake followed by a bent arm shake . shake the female portion of a dance with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free
installing a custom air intake on your car requires specific tools ; learn how from our expert mechanic in this free auto-maintenance video .
cut your stained glass from your pattern . learn how to make a stained glass butterfly in this free video series .
adjusting the intensity and lighting axis in after effects . learn how to create lighting effects in adobe after effects software in this free video editing tutorial from a film production professor .
learn how to repeat the japanese word moshi moshi in this free video clip on languages and writing .
antonio lucio vivaldi was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play line eleven of this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free
learn how to read sheet music in the key of gb for improving your playing and improvisational skills on the piano in this free video clip series .
watch and learn from our fly tying expert how to attach the thread to the hook in this free how-to video on making clouser minnows for fly fishing .
in the at home version of craps you 're trying to hit it . learn how to play craps without betting in this free gaming video .
learn how to clean a car with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
restless legs syndrome is a disease that has a lot of iron and dopamine , which is the leading cause of the syndrome . learn more about the causes of restless leg syndrome with expert tips from a science and health researcher in this free video about improving human longevity .
when ironing the back of a shirt , it 's important to avoid puckers . find out how to iron the back properly with expert tips in this free clothing care video .
preparing your dog for trick training will include researching family , friends and neighbors . learn how to prepare for dog trick training with tips from a professional dog trainer in this free pet care video .
understanding the eight directions in calligraphy is a beginning step towards more advanced form . learn more about articulation and tips for writing the letter 'from a calligrapher in this free art video .
learn how drinking alcohol can have a negative effect on menopause in this free medical video .
the best way to erase everything from a computer pc is to reformat a drive and reinstall the operating system , or restore it to a cdrom drive . find out how to erase all of the operating systems from your computer with tips from an it and computer specialist
the arm brush can be used to put spin on a frisbee , trying to aim it and pass it to yourself . learn how to do arm brushes in freestyle fritball from a world champion in this free sports video .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
learn how to paint with a brush when painting a room in this free video clip .
how to adjust channel volume with dj equipment ; get professional tips and advice on how to use mixing equipment and turntables for a party or night club in this free instructional video .
learn how to cook cajun recipe crawfish etouffee in this free online video lesson .
it 's important to get your timing down when you attempt to ollie small lines . learn some tips to help you avoid common mistakes when olliing from a professional skateboarder in this free skateboarding video .
in baseball , a change-up is throwing the ball back in your hand to slow down the speed of the pitch . throw a switch-up with tips from a former major league baseball pitcher in this free video on baseball .
exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . here is a free video on bosu ball kneeling ab crunches to help you in your operation fit !
the senegalese sabar dance waiting move is a twisty foot move with legs turned and hip inward . dance the waiting move with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video series on dancing .
in women 's self-defense , a bong sau is a deflective hand of wing tsun . defend against knife attacks with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on women .
organic gardening does not use chemicals or fertilizers , produces a clean environment and is a low maintenance program . discover the advantages of organic gardening with tips from a professional gardener in this free video on gardening .
learn how to compress the water from the inside of a cappuccino mug in this free ceramics video lesson .
learn how to attach backing to christmas tree angels in this free homemade ornament video from a christmas crafts expert .
be careful when taking headshots ; learn techniques and pro tips for great photographs in this free video on shooting different styles of photography .
there are big differences between brand-brand and off-name brand car stereo amplifiers . learn tips from our stereo expert on the differences in this free video clip on stereo systems .
what to drink with your meal to help digestion . learn how to shop for healthy foods to improve your diet and nutrition in this free video .
learn tips on doing a lunge lower body exercise from our expert in this free fitness video on lower body cross training exercises .
get a student pilot 's flight school in sunny weather , with vfr or visual flight rules . learn about flight school requirements for student pilots in this free aviation video .
scraping the surface of your wax sculpture will give it more shape and form . carve a rough head from wax with a professional artist in this free sculpting video .
when buying a computer , consider the amount of memory , storage space and compatibility with the model 's hardware . find out how much money is available for different models , such as space for midi equipment and games , with advice from an experienced computer user in this free video on
the yoga roll over is a great cool down exercise after doing more intense yoga poses . learn how to do the roll over in this free yoga video .
a computer and bottle cage will make your biking less enjoyable . learn how to pick bike accessories in this free cycling advice video from a bike consultant at a renowned bicycle shop .
potpourri recipe makes a great gift idea . learn how to add the oils for potpourrei in this free video clip .
learn about running the 800m sprint with expert tips and advice on training and running in this free instructional video on running and training for the 800-m sprint .
when doing senegalese sabar dance baar mbaye rhythm double jumps , shuffle the hips and use a string pull . practice the double jump with tips from a performer of west african dance and music in this free video on dancing
tips for making a balloon flower . learn how to do the apple twist with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free childrens party entertainment video .
learn how to sew the bottom of a reversible homemade purse with expert sewing tips in this free clothing repair video clip .
learn how to care for cactus succulents in this free video clip about gardening .
the casino cocktail is a mixed drink with gin that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender will show you how .
learn how to do a japanese shiatsu massage of the back with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
adding compliments to a paint wheel can add depth to your painting . learn how to get shadows and skin tones from a professional artist in this free painting video .
learn the process of buying a dog with expert dog tips in this free pet care video .
determining diamond clarity is most important part of evaluating diamonds . learn more about diamond clarity in this free diamond video .
learn the importance of lighting candles in this free witchcraft for beginners video clip .
links on web pages can have text or images as links with simple html commands . code button links on an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
to pierce a naval , clean the navel piercing before surgery , use technicare and a surgical lubrication , place the jewelry in the center and take the guard off of the needle . avoid infection and avoid wounds by getting a navel
the fruity loops sampler controls can be used to change samples . learn how to use the sampler function in fl studio in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to download music .
an oil facial massage will promote relaxation and reduce puffiness . learn more about the benefits of spa facial massages with tips from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
spring air mattresses are one of the most popular brands of mattresses on the market . learn about the differences between brand and manufacturer mattresses with tips from the owner of a mattress store in this free video on how to buy mattress tips .
create a new outlook 2007 e-mail template by selecting the  office '' button in outlook , selecting  user templates in file system .'' name a template in microsoft outlook 2007 with tips from an internet business consultant in this free video on internet tools .
make a nice fluid motion all the way down . learn how to make an airbrush saying in this free hobby video .
women can use weight-training weights to fight diseases like osteoporosis and osteoarthritis . discover how to do a body weight workout for women with tips from a personal trainer in this free exercise video about weight-train programs .
learn the basic footwork for salsa dancing in this free instructional video on beginning latin dance .
how to finish sewing a bag ; get professional tips and advice on sewing methods and techniques in this free instructional video .
t-shirts and clothing can be embellished with rhinestones , plastic jewels and gems . learn to embellish fabrics , such as shirt sleeve shirts and clothes , with great tips from an experienced seamstress in this free video on
how to properly hand sand ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on woodworking tools in this free instructional video .
patch art is a popular medium today , and here are some examples of good patch art designs anyone can use for inspiration . design and create unique patch art with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
potatoes are sauted in oil for a new york steak with dijon sauce . saute potatoes with tips from a professional chef in this free video on steak dinners .
look for a green head of broccoli that has lots of yellows around the edges . learn about picking out broccoli at a grocery store or supermarket in this free video on fresh produce and vegetables .
the under the leg throw is a very good throw when you 're working in routines and usually generate a lot of spin . learn how to throw a freestyle frisbee with an overhand wrist flip grip from a world champion in this free sports and recreation video .
learn how to use a light box to transfer your art to water color paper in this free instructional video art lesson
pro tool is in almost every big studio in the world . learn how to erase notes in this free video series .
learn about dobro slide guitar techniques in this free dobro guitar video .
the finder scope is a boresight on the side of a telescope . discover the difference between a finder and a red dot finder with help from an astrophotographer in this free video on astronomy and telescopes .
learn how to cream the eggs with sugar for making lemon mousse ; get expert tips on making traditional french dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
in gripping a golf club , the right hand will place at the base of the club and the left hand at the top . grip a club like a pro with tips from golf instructor in this free video on golf .
in vinyasa yoga , perform a backward bend variation to work out the back leg and flexibility of the hips . practice this unique exercise with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on core flow vinyam yoga .
double crunches engage both the upper and lower body . learn how to do double crunch core exercises with a stability ball in this free fitness video .
shoulder pain is best treated with a foam roll at night before bed . learn more about proper shoulder pain with tips from a fitness instructor in this free video on muscle pain and shoulder impingement .
to build lean body mass , maintain a well-balance diet , increase exercise and add resistance to the daily life and work out . build muscle mass with tips from a fitness director in this free video on muscle building and free weights .
fleas come from anywhere , whether they come from outside of the home , at a veterinarian 's office , on pets or in your own yard . learn more about the availability of flea carriers and their presence with tips from a pet industry specialist in this free video on fle
how to add blush for applying makeup like the singer alicia keys ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
women 's snowboards are smaller , more flexible , and usually come in half pipe or alpine boards . discover different types of boards used for snowboarding with tips from a snowboarding instructor in this free extreme sports video .
learn how to add bacon for this smothered chicken with maque choux casserole in this free cooking video from our cajun expert .
spray tanning equipment should be cleaned up with barrier cream and gloves . learn how to clean up after spray tans with tips from a beautician in this free sunless tanning video .
the a to c to d sharp , e on the saxophone is a very important chromatic movement for blues . play a blues scale in the key of a with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on music theory .
when massaging deep tissue in the trapezius muscles , use gentle gliding motions . learn more about massaging trapeziuse muscles from a masseur in this free massage video .
looking for a healthy diabetic recipe ? learn about the ingredients for making a cookie tree for the holidays in this free recipe video .
how to touch up makeup for applying makeup like the singer alicia keys ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
looking for new dance moves ? watch this free video lesson and learn the brazilian samba forro .
eyebrow waxing can cost anywhere from $ seven to $ 12 per hour , depending on the facilities you visit . learn more about the cost of eyebrow waxes with tips from a hairstylist in this free beauty care video .
make sure to drive home the point that you need to play tight , rather than loose . learn how to play five-card draw poker in this free gaming video .
to tell if a body fat or muscle is bulging , flex the muscle and check body fat percentages with water tanks , muscle-fat caliber and body fat scales . determine whether a person is muscle or fat with tips from an experienced fitness and exercise guru in this
how to use a mixer for dj scratching ; get professional tips and advice on ways to use mixing equipment in this free instructional video .
how to know which jeans are cheaper to buy online ; get expert tips and advice on shopping for clothes on the internet in this free shopping video .
teach from home ; learn about homeschooling in this free home schooling video from an experienced teacher and education curriculum expert .
the ahhh sample is probably found in commercials , on tv and popular hip hop music videos . learn how to do dj scratching with help from a music teacher in this free hip hop video .
the crane is a simple origami model that is fun to create anywhere . learn tips from an expert on how to complete this model in this free video clip .
for collage , glue sticks are good for quick adhesion . use glue sticks for collage with tips from a professional artist in this free video on visual arts .
learn about using muscle testing in a body test with expert tips from a certified and licensed medical assistant in this free online body modification video clip .
orchids are grown in a mixture of wood bark , pearlyte and charcoal . learn how to pot orchids in this free gardening video .
want to make custom tshirts ? learn tips for making a stencil in this free video clip about how to paint a t-shirt with stencils .
give your baby a bath today ; learn how to wash baby genitals in this free video on baby care , health and safety .
learn how to nip your cuticles to give a professional spa manicure in this free online instructional video series , including manicure tips .
learn how to know market value of barbie dolls in this free toy collecting video .
playing mandolin scales is easy with these finger pattern tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
in kung fu , start with the feet together and bring the arms rise to the side when performing the inside crescent kick and spearing kick combination . find out more about this fighting attack with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
a magnetic tray to hold all of the fasteners and terminal pliers are required for installing trailer lights . learn what tools you will need to install trailer lights from a certified mechanic in this free automotive video .
learn how to use massage therapy techniques for elongated muscles with expert tips on massages in this free online video clip .
clothing for adaptive sports is similar to clothing for normal skiers . learn about adaptive sports clothing with tips from a sports instructor in this free video on adaptive activities .
how to pour grease from beef for making authentic spicy acapulco chicken ; learn more about making traditional mexican and latin american food in this free cooking video .
how to add glitter to houseplants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on picking , buying , and planting flower bulbs in this free gardening video .
learn which models cars are popular with expert car buying advice from an experienced new car salesman in this free online used car video clip .
circular saws are one of the most versatile tools in your tool kit . learn more about the parts of a saw in this free woodworking series from an expert furniture maker .
how to apply matte blush for a gorgeous night time look ; get professional tips and advice on applying evening makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
learn how to repair electronic drum cymbals with expert tips and advice on electronic drums in this free music lesson video .
five little ducks are playing a counting game . learn how to play counting games in this free educational video about montessori counting methods .
the importance of staying current in performance art . learn to be a performance artist in this free conceptual art video .
a gladiator sandal has a thin sole and a strapped bottom . draw a variety of flat shoes with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
dentures are a removable replacement for teeth . learn about different types of dentures from a dentist in this free oral hygiene video .
three great massage therapy books can be found in bookstores , libraries and online . learn about massage therapy and medications from a massage therapist in this free video on massage techniques .
flanging is a great guitar effect that can create a wide range of sounds and textures . learn more about this effect in this free video clip on musical instruments from a professional musician .
home beer-brewing counter-flow wort chillers require a full rolling boil down to room temperature . find out more about counter flow beer chillers with tips from a master brewer in this free video on beverage making .
how to chop onions for curry phyllo triangles ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic curry recipe in this free cooking video .
creating a myspace headline is easy with these tips , get expert advice on myspace pictures , profiles , graphics and layouts in this free video .
how to make indian pakora appetizers ; learn more about making traditional indian food in this free cooking video .
the origami iris can be remade to look like a traditional iris . learn how to make a paper dragonfly in this free crafts video .
using a sharpie to trace the design for your glass painting project ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson video about glass painting taught by expert jason painter .
learn what hands are bad for crazy pineapple poker in this free video series that will show you how to master this poker variation in no time .
hearing aid batteries need to be replaced every 70 to 150 hours depending on the power of the device . care and maintain hearing aids with tips from an audiologist in this free instructional video .
there are two ways to hold knitting needles , the continental way and the american way . learn how to knit with tips from a professional knitting instructor in this free video about understanding knitting patterns .
how to cut the pork for making chinese hot and sour soup ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making traditional asian recipes in this free cooking video series .
learn how to do uppercuts in this free martial arts training video from expert kyokushin karate instructor tony capraro .
if you have high blood pressure , you can refer to exercise as a diagnosis . learn more about what blood pressure means with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
kali is a new game with definitive strategies and manuals , but they have not been developed yet . learn how to learn to play kai from a strategy and gaming expert in this free video .
learn how to place the beef filling for making italian stuffed shells pasta and more about making traditional italian food in this free cooking video .
ca n't scrape together the cash for a birthday clown ? no problem , let our expert show you how to make an elephant in this free video clip .
find out what ingredients are needed to make garlic bread in this free video recipe .
get to know the different uses of spring onions ; learn more about green , yellow , and spring onions in this free cooking video .
tips for becoming a better nunchuck user . learn the nunchucks over the shoulder grab in this free martial arts combat video from a tae kwon do blackbelt .
how to get information ready to file your federal income taxes online in this free video tutorial .
learn how to knit front back stitches for a scarf in this free home hobby video .
so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on the ukulele .
learn how to use a dots worksheet to teach kids to read through homeschooling in this free home schooling and tutoring video clip .
right-handed boxers move to the right foot first in boxing . learn about the basics of boxing footwork , techniques , steps , and movements in this free training video for boxers .
when cleaning toilets , use elbow grease to remove dirt and debris . clean the bathroom floor with tips from a nanny in this free video on toilet cleaning .
the f stop controls the amount of light that comes into a camera to hit your film or sensor . learn how to use f stops in studio lighting with the tips in this free video on photography lighting techniques from a professional photographer .
learn how to count the space for walls in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
a flea is an ugly , hairy creature that can be easily scavenger . draw a cartoon flea with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
take care of your health with whole grains ; explore hot cereals and healthy alternatives to oatmeal in this free video on whole grain cereal tips .
how to play the song 'painbirds ' by sparklehorse on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
to back up a computer hard drive , click on the start button and select  computer '' before going to the computer and selecting users . back up computer hard drives with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer technology .
learn about the history of cumbia dance with expert columbian cumbia dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online advanced dance lesson and choreography video clip .
breaking a dog 's bad habits requires obedience training , discipline and affection , corrections and praise for what they do right , and praise that they do not do not want to revert to . get rid of dog bad habits with a certified dog trainer in this free video on
creating sparkly parts , in photoshop , is a great way to enhance the appearance of your erased image . learn more about creating a sparkly image from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
clay slabs can be made without a clay roller without air bubbles . learn how to make one without tips from a pottery expert in this free craft video .
when massaging children with earaches , use all natural oils , such as grape seed oil , vegetable oil or vegetable oil . gather appropriate massage supplies with tips from a childcare specialist in this free video on massage .
you will need a small sauce pot and a bouillon cube , as well as some measuring spoons and measuring cups . learn how to make curried chicken with coconut apple chutney from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
the use of bait oils in fishing has been around for a long time in the fishing industry . find out why fish use bait oils for fishing with information from a fishing guide in this free video on fishing .
learn how to do the shoulder pressure yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness lesson video .
get a walkthrough of the guard shack in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
let your child participate in the process by listening to them . learn how to pick the best quality child 's eyeglass frame in this free video on children and eyeglasses .
how to use clay to make pottery ; learn this and more in this free video arts and crafts lesson taught by a pottery making expert .
fold lines for a paper lantern . light up a room by learning how to make a star-shaped paper lantern in this free crafting video .
make sure the back of a skateboard has all the holes for the tracks . find out how to find skateboard tracks with tips from a professional skateboarder in this free extreme sports video .
the nucleus , or center , of an atom is one of the control centers of the atom . learn about the different types of atoms from a science teacher in this free fundamental physics video .
designing a coat rack can be done to match existing wood work . design coat racks with tips from an industrial design teacher in this free woodwork video .
the musical saw can be held in two different positions : vertically or vertically . learn how to hold a musical saw bow in this free online video music lesson on playing the singing saw .
the principle of layering , in photoshop , is that both objects are on different layers on the same page . learn how to create a timeline with adobe after effects software in this free video editing tutorial from a film production professor .
creating wood texture , in photoshop , is a great way to add character and dimension to your textual image . learn to create a wood texture image from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
learn how to restart a bike ride in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable off-road bike racer .
make a peekaboo play mat out of old jeans with a pretty edge . sew the front and back pieces together for an interesting pattern with tips from a crafts enthusiast in this free video on arts and crafts .
adding plastic wrap , in photoshop , is a great way to add dimension to your textual image . learn to add plastic wrap from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
how to sharpen push mower blades ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on sharpening gardening tools in this free instructional video .
learn how to prepare clay to make a mosaic tile table in this free ceramics video tutorial .
paper you 'll need to make a pirate 's hat and how to assemble the hat ; learn this and more in this free online arts and crafts video on making party supplies taught by expert ginny larson .
in order to thread facial hair , the best method is to thread the hair around the neck . apply thread to the face with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on facial hair grooming .
learn how to develop fast and agile running techniques from a health and beauty expert in this free agility training and fitness video .
a basic coil is useful for climbing ropes of medium length . learn about using a climbing coil when hiking in this free camping video from a hiking expert .
how to apply eyeshadow for a dramatic makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
in jiu-jitsu , stand up and bring the knee under the armpit to perform the straight ankle lock submission move . do straight ankle locks in judo with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on japanese and jui-jit
run the needle through the fabric very close to the first bead and just weave it in and out if you have a single thread . learn how to make a handbag from recycled jeans in this free fashion video .
teeth whitening products should be done cautiously , as many over-the-counter products can cause gum disease and root canals . learn more about using products to whiten your teeth from a dentist in this free video on dental health and oral hygiene .
great for parties ! learn how to serve dessert for chicken wings in this free appetizer recipe from our professional chef .
a great way to learn a feeble to fakie is to work with one of the mistakes that may be made . learn how to transition from a skateboarding trick to a fakkie in this free skateboarding video .
what weight of line do you need to cast a fly ? learn about fly fishing gear , supplies , and other equipment in this free video .
in jujitsu , defend against a headlock by keeping the knees wide and the body wide , while balancing on the neck and wrist bone . learn more about this defensive maneuver with tips from a professional martial artist in this free video on muay tha
a modern oven is not heating well by putting the element inside on a very high setting , checking the broil setting or replacing parts at a hardware store . repair a stove that is heating slowly with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement
draw cute cartoon girls today ; learn how to draw eyelashes on cartoon girls in this free video art lesson on cartooning and drawing females .
tips on getting pictures as christmas gifts for co-workers in this free holiday video so that you take the guesswork out of office holiday party gift giving .
jump through hundreds of images at once with the canon eos 40d digital slr camera . learn how to use the jump display option with canon caliber canoe in this free canon photography lesson .
learn what to wear as a beginning comedian with expert stand-up comedy tips and techniques in this free comedy lesson video .
expert teacher explains how to teach kids how to read in the clouds , by looking at the clouds and talking about what 's around the corner ; learn more reading tips in this free child-development video .
the horse stance , in kung fu , is a stationary position for side to side movements . learn more about the horse position from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
hosiery that does n't have any hemlines or reinforcements should be worn with open-toe shoes , and if it 's a shoe that has no hem lines , use hosieries that are clean at the foot line and have no reinforcements
learn all about the variety of balloon designs with expert tips on balloon animals and creations in this free balloon folding video clip .
the arizona sunrise is a mixed drink with tequila that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
watch as an expert bachelor explains how to approach a supermodel in this free online video about attracting women .
do you want 6 pack abs ? here are some great ab exercises such as rear dealt rows that will help get you there in these free fitness videos .
the g7 chord for the saxophone is comprised of the notes g , b and f sharp . play a major 7th chord in the key of g minor with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
learn how to do a headlock choke in this free martial arts video from a bushido expert .
prepare the skin to be waxed by using a cotton square and moistening . learn about body waxing for men and how to wax the body with tips from a stylist in this free video on beauty care products .
lose weight on a fat flush diet by making good choices about the liver and eliminating fats . lose weight with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
coordination and balance are key elements of a good tennis score . learn how to improve your balance and coordination from a professional tennis instructor in this free sports video .
learn how to choreograph women 's steps when dancing the mambo in this free video dance lesson .
how to add greenery for making tropical flower arrangements ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on making your own exotic floral arrangements in this free gardening video .
how to make a raspberry glaze for a lemon mousse ; get expert tips on making traditional french dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
when drawing a siamese cat portrait in conte crayons , start with the darkest part of the nose and build the shape of the head . draw a cartoon cat portrait with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free drawing and illustration video .
find auto insurance discounts for multiple vehicles by sitting down with an agent and discussing automobile types . find out if multiple vehicles qualify for discount with the help of this free video from a licensed insurance agent about automobile insurance information .
to be a great violinist you need more than just scales . here is a free video clip on the 8th degree of an a melodic minor violin scale .
female traveler has a lot of special skills and responsibilities . learn some tips on what to carry with you when traveling in this free travel video .
a common mistake in skateboarding fakie smith stalls is popping off the top of the ramp . learn about other mistakes to avoid in the faki smith stage from a skateboarding professional in this free skateboarding video .
any creature with zero or less toughness is put in an owner 's graveyard . learn about the zero toughness rule in  magic : the gathering '' from a certified judge in this free video on magic cards .
belly dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn how to put it on your hips in this free video clip on egyptian dancing .
in order to block yahoo ! e-mail , sign into a gmail account , click on the  mail options '' option and scroll down to  block addresses , ?'' find out how to add additional email addresses to the list of blocked e
learn how to flaunch the opening when making a porcelain tea pot in this free ceramics video lesson .
watch as an expert bachelor explains what to look for in a supermodel in this free online video about attracting women .
check a computer 's processor by going to my computer , right-clicking my computer and checking the properties tab under the general tab . find out the type of processor in windows xp my computer with tips from an it and computer specialist in this free video on computer software .
use thumbs to form the floor of the bottle when shaping the clay . learn more shaping techniques with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
if you have salty foods , then that 's a good match for acidic wines . learn the salt and acid rule in how to pair food and wine from a professional writer , speaker and sommelier in this free culinary video .
learn how to turn the flower base into a frog base for an origami edelweiss with expert tips for a master origrapher in this free online origamis craft video clip .
great photographs are dependent on lighting ! get tips for using white cards on your subject in this free video clip about professional photography lighting and equipment .
for a valentine 's day craft , a cookie cutter may be needed to adhere pieces . learn how to use cookie cutters to make a mosaic tiled hand mirror at home in this free crafting video .
massage therapy can be performed to relieve the symptoms of elbow arthritis . learn about different arm massage techniques with help from a massage therapist in this free video on elbow injuries .
in kickboxing , use the waist to roll out from the body when performing the straight cut and uppercut punch combination . perform this powerful attack combo with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
never let him chew on his pencils ? learn how in this free video on office pranks .
learn how to use the music business registry to get a record deal , or recording contract in this free online instructional video .
hemming a unitard requires cutting excess threads and heming it with a straight stitch machine . learn to make a Unitard for sports or activities in this free sewing video .
play a sample game of  ship , captain and crew '' so that you get a score of nine . learn how to play the dice game , , in this free gaming video .
types of piano tuning ; learn this and more in this free video lesson about musical instruments taught by a piano tuning and care expert .
ice fishing with a maggot requires the fisherman to use meal worms and maggots . learn how to bait a hook to catch several fish with the help of a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
learn chest , shoulder and back stretches in baby boomer yoga from a professional hatha yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn how to groom men 's eyebrows by cutting around the comb with a pair of scissors and a comb and using the proper tools in this free mens hygiene and grooming video .
adding the boiling broth quickly to the kasha to make the dish delicious ; learn this and more in this free recipe video cooking series taught by expert chef emory davis .
learn hip rolls for prenatal yoga in this maternity fitness video for expecting mothers from an expert yoga instructor .
learn how to aim your shot when you shoot spit wads with expert tips in this free online video clip for kids and students .
when loading your archery bow , make sure that it 's securely attached to your knocking point so that anyone can get hurt . learn more in this beginner archery video lesson .
if you want to add some charm to your bracelet , learn how to sew skull studs in this free video clip about making jewelry with beads .
learn the technique for a two handed shoulder throw in this sports video from our professional black belt instructor on judo for children .
to be a great singer and actress use confidence and vulnerability to draw the audience in . become a successful performer with tips from a veteran hip-hop recording artist in this free video on the rap music industry .
first time audition ? learn tips for using accents in your on camera audition in this free video clip from a casting director .
hit with the fist or open hand when doing the praying mantis fighting pressing block high low strike . learn how to do praying mandis fighting techniques in this free martial arts video from a black belt instructor .
when buying a dry cleaning kit , put a fabric softener sheet into the dryer and turn on the dryer . learn how to steam clean clothes from a professional cleaner in this free laundry washing video .
learn to fold an origami bird with instructions from a professional artist in this free video about paper folding crafts .
how to use brushes and paints for silkscreening your own t-shirts ; get professional tips and advice on screen printing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free silk screen printing video .
learn how to add the ears to your rabbit sculpture with expert tips for a master origami artist in this free online art instruction video clip .
how drugs and alcohol can help you survive a prison sentence in this free video clip .
how to attach the lag nut to the toy guitar ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on carpentry tools in this free home improvement video .
angelique is one of the easiest tulips to recognize , because it has a double structure , in fact , it has lots of layers inside . learn how to identify springtime flowers in bloom from a sustainable gardener in this free video .
caring for a diving board during the summer requires making sure the board is free of debris , cleaning the bolts on the board and replacing the fulcrum . take care of diving boards during the winter with tips from a professional diving instructor in this free video .
html users can align text on a web page with text alignment in text or to any part of the page . code text alignment on an html website with a professional designer in this free web design video .
place a pin tool on the wheel when centering a ceramic mug . learn how to center a mug on the potter 's wheel with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn the tree hugger pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
when drawing a standing cartoon man , start with the upper body . learn to draw a cartoon man standing in his underwear with the drawing lesson in this free video from a professional cartoonist .
when learning to read bass clef notes , remember that the top line is called a musical staff , and the bottom line is the sclef , which is comprised of notes in a series of lines and spaces . understand the alphabet and the notes associated with the bass
there are many types of costumes for a belly dancer , including egyptian , gypsy and turkish . learn more about belly dance costumes with tips from a professional dancer in this free dance lesson video .
learn how to write the headline of a newspaper page with expert newspaper writing tips in this free online newspaper related video clip .
the best way to protect your camera and gear is with a professional photography case . learn how to carry and care of camera equipment in this free video on studio equipment for photography .
how to set water levels for washing jeans ; get professional tips and advice on washing and drying any type of jeans in this free instructional video .
to create a super hero from scratch , first figure out the character , figure out why the girl is fighting and figure out a reason why she should be a vigilante or assassin . design a comic-book character from scratch with a demonstration from a professional
in jujitsu , accentuate the stomach to move the target . learn how to do a stomach slash with tips from a professional martial artist in this free combat video .
how to scoop out contact lenses in this free eye care video .
hair highlights in a watercolor windmill painting should be blocked with odorless paint thinner . learn more about blocking hair for watercolor painting with expertise from an art teacher in this free painting video .
caring for hair extensions is best done by shampooing , rinsing natural hair with mild soapy water and a light conditioner . take care of hair extensions with tips from an experienced hairstylist in this free video on hair care .
there are many types of face paints and brushes you can use for face painting . get tips on choosing the right face paint for your needs in this free video about face painting ideas .
when watercolor painting an orchid , add water and yellow to create a nice finishing touch . learn more about adding water and watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
learn how to put on a magic show with easy magic tricks in this free video clip about sizing up your hands .
learn about doing butterfly flow for prenatal yoga in this maternity fitness video for expecting mothers from an expert yoga instructor .
learn how to remove debris before painting your living room and other remodeling tips in this free instructional diy home improvement video .
overhead triceps extensions are a great upper body shoulder and back workout and tubing or resistance bands are great workout tools to use to increase intensity . learn how these are done and their benefits from a health and fitness expert in this free video clip .
practice kicking the freestyle stroke by kicking off the wall with a noodle . an expert swimmer shows a simple exercise that will help you learn how to do freestyle kicking exercises in this free beginners swimming video lesson .
adding flowers to a ceramic flower pot adds life to the piece . add flowers to ceramic flowers with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
breast augmentation is a cosmetic procedure that involves placing an implant in the breast area to enhance a woman 's figure . learn about breast enhancement procedures from an accomplished plastic surgeon in this free cosmetic surgery video .
tearing the nose is a vital attack for women 's self-defense . learn how to do the nose attack defense technique in this free video clip from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
assisting yoga 's shoulder stand shoulder stand will help support the body of length in the spine . learn assisted yoga poses like shoulder stands from an instructor in this free yoga video .
learn the meaning of the llanowar sentinal green card and how to play it in 'magic : the gathering ' in this free game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
cutting neckbands can be troublesome in fashion design and pattern making ; learn how to make a pattern from your favorite t-shirt in this free video on fashion design .
a spindle gauge is used to turn different things . learn about the difference between woodturning tools in this free woodworking video from a wood shop expert .
make sure there 's no big gap between your legs when doing your pounding wave . learn how to pound and wave in intermediate hip hop dancing .
seated and relaxed for about 15 minutes before taking blood pressure . learn more about what steps you should take to take blood pressure with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
telemarketing is a telecommunications career because it involves selling satellite and cellular services . get a career as a Telemarketing telemarketer with tips from a business entrepreneur and technology specialist in this free career video .
the brushes that go into the plastic only hold the brushes on . learn how to replace brushes and reload a voltage regulator in these free auto repair video instructions featuring a certified mechanic .
how to put bearings on wheels in order to increase the longevity of your skateboard ; get expert tips and advice on skateboarding equipment in this free fashion video .
learn how to make tofu stew for indian snack in this free cooking video .
learn when your dog becomes geriatric in this free video .
how to serve korean kimchi chigae ; learn more about making traditional koreek food in this free cooking video .
how to apply bronzer for a carmen electra makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on creating various celebrity makeup styles in this free beauty video .
fleas and ticks can be identified with a fine comb and combing through the back of the cat . discover how to identify flea and tick with tips from a veterinarian in this free video on pet care .
the arm holds the cartridge . learn how to use a turntable arm in this free turntable lesson from an experienced disc jockey .
get a free saxophone lesson on playing the g major scale with expert tips and advice on music lessons in this free video .
looking for chicken recipes ? learn how to add rosemary and peas to chicken in this free video clip about chicken kiev recipes .
do you hear the rhythm in everything you do ? learn how to play different sounds with expert tips and advice on bucket drumming in this free video .
learn how to deliver a nebulizer mask to the child with expert medical tips in this free vaporized medicine video clip .
easter wish cards are a good gift for mother 's day that mom will love . learn tips on how to assemble them and why this is a great present in this free video clip on gift giving .
in  magic : the gathering '' state-based effects are the way of cleaning up the game state . get expert tips on video games and gaming in this free video .
learn how to do a downward block in kempo karate in this free martial arts video from our second degree black belt expert william joseph hill .
learn how to see different colors of green paint when painting with watercolors in this free video watercolor lesson .
as a professional performer you need to get the audience 's attention first and foremost . learn tips on how to capture the attention of a crowd while performing at a broadway show and attract legions of fans with this free video clip .
learn how to add shell trim to a shower curtain with expert sewing tips from a seamstress in this free crafting video clip .
create a melody for the chorus of  new york in the winter '' when improvising . learn how to write a song in this free music video .
learn how to keep the momentum going on your torso by turning in this free hula hoop workout video .
the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn a 3rd degree c minor scale arpeggios on it in this free video clip series .
learn some great tips on how to thaw the dough for baking from scratch in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
learn how to groom the feet of a service dog in this free video on dog grooming .
learn how to write a gospel song in a rap song in order to produce a hit rap track in this free video series that will have you creating rhythmic rap music in no time .
do you have oily , dry or t-zone skin ? learn how to make a face mask for oily skin with expert beauty tips in this free video clip from a professional beauty consultant .
learn how to make foam fun in this free video clip on cooking .
learn how to do the new york walk dance steps in the hustle in this free dance lesson video .
tango clothing should be comfortable and allow the legs to move , legs and body . find out how to rehearse in the basic fashion of the bango with the tips in this free video dancing lesson from a professional dance instructor .
draw circles from corner to corner in 2d design to create perspective . draw circles in correct perspective in two-dimensional design with an artist in this free video art lesson .
to make paper mache lizards , lay them in a double layer of cheesecloth , cut off a piece of piece of paper and wrap it tightly to the armature . create a paper maque for a harlequin with expert tips from
learn how to do hand claps for latin jazz dancing in this free dance lesson video .
ghost notes are ghost notes played on the snare drum in half-time shuffle on two and four . play ghost notes with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
yu-gi-oh cards can be supplemented with diamond do turbo , which flips over normal spell cards and can be used free of charge next turn . learn how to use ddr. david 's diamond dude turbo from a strategy and
troubleshoot a dishwasher by unscrewing the lower basket and cleaning debris , removing debris and checking the drain line . discover how to identify dishwasher problems , such as standing water , with tips from a remodeling contractor in this free video on home repair and maintenance .
sunflowers are easy plants to grow in your garden or home , and they can be grown from traditional seeds or seed trays . plant sunflowers with tips from a sustainable gardener in this free video on gardening .
give your old jeans new life ! learn how to turn jeans into bell bottoms in this free clothing alteration video .
a motorcycle helmet can add style to your fashion sketches . learn to draw motorcycle helmets in this free fashion illustration video series with a fashion designer .
how to prepare the malt and grains for home brewing scottish beer ; learn more about how beer is made in this free instructional video .
when painting on glass , it 's important to think in reverse because whatever color you 're putting on first will be seen first ; tips , tricks and techniques to change your old framed glass into new art pieces in this free online art lesson about painting taught by david a
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
how to pick garden art for a garden ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own plants and herbs in this free gardening video .
learn how to shape the face when making a clay betty boop pendant in this free home craft video art lesson .
watch and learn how to serve crepes with expert cooking tips in this free cooking video on making easy crepe recipes .
learn how to hit cymbals in this free video series that will teach you how to strategically set up your band and musical equipment for a performance .
midi cables connect your external sound card to your cpu . learn about cables for midi sequencing in the cubase daw from an audio engineer in this free cubase tutorial video .
the hurdle is a football move that can help running backs avoid falling in front of them . learn more about running back hurdles in this free football coaching video lesson on how to be a star running back .
defending an overhead throw is easy with these tips , get expert advice on samurai techniques in this free video .
learn how to take care of your vocal self in this free video series that will show you how to perfect your singing and vocal technique .
for the knee drop yoga pose , bring the knees together and bring the arms straight down . learn more about knee drops from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
thinning the walls of a ceramic cylinder will prevent cracking in the finished piece . learn how to thin the walls with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video series .
learn how to make invitations in portugal , by understanding common terms for invitations , in this free language lesson video from a portuguese language expert .
using a steamer when doing laundry . learn about using steamers and other tips on laundry and clothing care in this free video .
after centering clay the next step is to begin to open the shape of your project . learn about clay forming tips that you will need from a pottery expert to create a queso warmer in this free video clip .
learn how to clean the skimmer basket when cleaning and maintaining your swimming pool with expert tips on pools in this free pool maintenance video clip .
the aikido ryote tori tenchinage wrist grab defense is a martial art that uses your opponent 's momentum to attack and drop them to the ground . watch this free video clip and learn how to avoid and take down an opponent as they try a
for satay chicken , ingredients include chicken breast , cilantro , ginger , scallions and cumin . gather ingredients for a sauteed rosemary chicken recipe with tips from a chef in this free video recipe .
nunchucks can be used to turn a thumb into a finger spin . learn the nunchuck thumb into finger spin from a third-degree black belt in this free martial arts weapons video .
choosing a ski jump is important for skiing success . learn how to jump on skis in this free ski equipment video .
learn how to cook tequila lime shrimp in this free cooking with alcohol class on video .
improve your tae kwon do skills by learning the 540 tornado kick with expert tips in this free martial arts video .
learn how to choose a tent for backpacking or hiking with expert tips on camping in this free video clip .
how to store a band saw machine , including tips and tricks ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on how to use , care for and repair your band saw in this free instructional video .
king snakes are known to eat other species of snakes quite often . get more information on king serpents from a reptile expert in this free exotic pet care video .
how to play two handed chord voicings for jazz piano in the key of f major ; learn this and more in this free online jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
improve your sign language vocabulary with transportation signs . learn more about how to sign the word for transportation in american sign language with tips from a deaf signing expert in this free sign language video .
gymnastics is a very demanding sport that is difficult but a lot of fun . learn some breathing tips in this free video clip on intermediate gymnastics .
learn the importance of the witch of endor in this free witchcraft for beginners video clip .
a table of contents contains headings that can be found in a report . learn how to organize a paper table with tips from a communications and public speaking expert in the free instructional video .
taking a charge in basketball is a physical contact sport that 's difficult to do on the defensive side of the basketball court . play basketball with tips from a basketball coach in this free video on basketball skills and tips .
even if you 're a solo performer , learn how to market your music in a studio in this free musical performance video lesson .
wrist stretches keep the wrists healthy with blood flow and better nutrient circulation by stretching the forearm muscles and wrist joints . prepare muscles for a workout with these stretching exercise techniques from an experienced personal trainer in this free video .
professional budget advice you ca n't miss ! learn how to evaluate your expenses and set goals in this free online video tutorial .
edit the text on a myspace page by clicking  edit profile '' on the profile page , editing text and choosing html for text formatting . change text colors on myspace with information from a work flow manager of a software development company in this free video on computers .
make a nice , rough surface for the corks when making texas-shaped coasters . carve a rough head from a professional carpenter in this free carpentry video .
find out if pesticides are right for your garden ; learn about using herbicides in this free video on pesticide application .
learn all about the materials you will need to make a mounted photo to poster board in this free art collection and hobbies video .
learn how to do a reverse forehand throw in this free frisbee video .
clip the clip to the toilet trip lever . learn tips for repairing a toilet in these free bathroom repair videos from a hardware expert .
to be a great violinist you need more than just scales . here is a free video clip on the 4th degree of an b minor violin scale .
chopping the back in thai yoga massage is a great way to relieve back pain and soreness . learn more about the back thigh and back pain from a yoga instructor in this free massage therapy video .
stretch the body out and pull down . learn the pull down hip hop dance move in this free aerobic dancing video from a choreographer .
if no one has scored a zero , then that 's a good score . learn how to play fourteens solitaire in this free gaming video .
learn how to iron the sleeve when ironing your shorts in this free clothing care video from our professional wardrobe expert .
in kung fu , bring the thumb together and bend the knuckle to make the palm flush in front of the hand . learn more about making a palm in this free instructional martial arts video .
the low crawl is a paintball technique that can help a player improve their drills . learn about drills as a part of advanced paintball tactics in this free sports and recreation video .
watch an expert martial artist explain the difference between a cartwheel and an aerial in this free video clip .
watch as an expert woodworker demonstrates how to smooth handles with a wood lathe in this free online video about making a beer tap .
the three point stability position can help you build total body strength and toning your core . learn how to do a three point stand in this free core training workout video .
play r & b drum shuffles with ghost notes with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
in chair yoga for seniors , perform a meditation by bringing the shoulders up to the ears and releasing the eyes . practice the meditation with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free video on chair yoga .
learn when to swing the bat right handed in this free baseball coaching video from an expert softball and baseball coach .
in kung fu , twist the arm and drive up with the same hand to perform the downward forearm block with a reverse punch . learn more about this fighting maneuver from a black belt instructor in this free martial arts video .
best way to chop ginger and onions for paneer masala for best cooking and best cooking , in this free video .
learn how to add water to make a snowman last longer with tips from a winter recreation expert in this free winter fun video .
be animated , use gestures , facial expressions and add vitality to your words . use enthusiasm in your on-screen interview with professional screen coach aimy kersey in this free media video .
it 's important to have an idea of how many beads you 'll need for your window hanging . learn how to make a window hanging for a beaded window hanging from a professional jewelry artist in this free crafts video .
ludwig van beethoven was one of the greatest music composers in history and this piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
in kung fu , use the heel to scrape and pull out the ends of the foot to execute the upward circular block , lead punch and low kick combination . execute this fighting combo with tips from a professional king fu instructor in this free martial arts video .
learn about the basic rules and regulations of 'blackjack ' paintball game anywhere in the world in this free video clip .
how to cook meat for making empanadas ; learn more about traditional spanish , portuguese , and latin american food in this free cooking video .
developes to the back in modern dance can be done in first position . learn to warm-up for modern dancing with develope exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
learn how to do a jump through yoga pose from a yoga expert in this free exercise video about using props in yoga workouts .
rip a dive by creating a surface tension in water so that the water does n't get wet . learn more about ripping dives with tips from a diving coach in this free competitive diving video .
attach a ceramic sake plate to a piece of pottery with a scratching tool . learn about plate attaching with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
how to use a wire wheel bench grinder ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sharpening tools , shaping and polishing metal in this free instructional video .
cheap aquariums can be bought at local pet fish pet stores , classified ads or on the internet . buy inexpensive aquariums at a local pet store with tips from the owner of a fish pet store in this free video on pet care .
learn what to eat in four and five year olds with expert childcare tips in this free online healthy kids diet video clip .
variation five of a warrior one pose in sun salutation yoga . learn about the warrior one variation in surya namaskara , a sequence of hatha yoga asanas , in this free video on fitness and meditation .
when massaging a client 's shoulder , sink into supraspinatus and use thumbs . learn more about massaging the shoulder in this free instructional video on massage techniques from a professional massage therapist .
learn how to replace a wall outlet with a screw driver with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
practicing double stops on the mandolin is easy with these tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
many single women have art in their bedrooms to channel love energy . learn to use art in relationships with tips from an author and talk show host in this free video on relationships .
when drawing a comic book character , such as spiderman , accentuate the chest , stomach and swing into the next web . draw comic book characters with tips from a professional illustrator and graphic artist in this free video on drawing .
romance makes a relationship blossom with a little romance , and the significant other may enjoy the wine and roses . learn more about romantic relationships with tips from an author of a book on dating in this free video on interpersonal relationships .
stop the breakaway baskets ! learn how to rotate to get low post in a zone defense in this free youth basketball lesson from an experienced head coach .
in the charleston dance , the pulse is felt with both hands . find out how to feel each other 's pulse with tips from two dance instructors in this free video on dancing .
accessorize a ceramic sake plate with a wire tool . learn about accessorizing a plate with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
use construction paper for your background . learn how to make a silhouette puppet show in this free crafts video .
in basketball , on-the-ball defense is all about defending . get expert tips and advice on basketball defense in this free video .
the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn the string names of a violin in this free video clip series .
the zen yoga dragon lunge is a great cool down exercise after doing more intense yoga poses . learn how to do the Dragon lunge in this free yoga video .
reverb guitar effects are great for almost any kind of music . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
learn the meaning of the llanowar sentinal green card and how to play it in 'magic : the gathering ' in this free game video from our expert gamer and fantasy game authority .
switch your left foot to the floor for the lunge back with pop up . learn advanced hip hop funk choreography from a professional instructor in this free dance video .
handling hermit crabs well is important for their health and happiness . learn how to handle , care for and show off a hermit lobster with expert tips in this free pet care video .
when disposing of used antifreeze , take it to a qualified service technician for advice on the proper way to dispose of it .
how to tune by ear when you restring a guitar ; get professional tips and instruction on proper guitar repair and maintenance in this free music lesson video .
when trimming a rabbit 's nails , use a flash light to see where the nail ends . trim rabbit nails with tips from a veterinarian in this free video on rabbits and pet care .
in cheerleading , bend the knees to clean up the body after a back handspring . learn cheer stunting moves from a professional team in this free cheerleading video .
the eagle pose , in yoga , is a great way to increase leg strength and stability . learn more about how to perform the aegle pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free exercise video .
in self-defense against a choke hold , punch the attacker in the throat , grab , fire and knee down low to establish balance . escape from a front choke hold with tips from an eighth-degree black belt in this free martial arts video .
types of calligraphy papers . learn about the different kinds of paper types in this free lettering lesson from a calligrapher with three decades of lettering experience .
learn how to juggle four balls at once with expert tips and techniques in this free juggling lesson video .
if you walk into your front door , you want to create a welcoming home for your family . learn more about front doors in feng shui with this free video from a certified ffa member .
get a recap on how to apply makeup for a red carpet event and get professional tips and advice on red carpet fashion styles in this free instructional video .
bright smiles and zoom2 teeth brighten your teeth . learn more about teeth whitening products in this free dental health video from an experienced dentist .
make a cooking stock for the chicken by adding oyster sauces , sherry and sesame oil . make stock for kung pao chicken with scallion-ginger fried rice with tips from a professional chef in this free culinary arts video .
in gentle yoga , draw the palms down and fingertips out and breath . learn to breathe in the zen yoga qigong move from the founder in this free yoga and martial arts video .
some triggered abilities in  magic the gathering '' are triggered from the faceless butcher . learn how to use adaptive abilities in this free video on role playing card games .
start karaoke singer and perform by singing and filler tunes in the rotation performance box . learn how to use compuhost karoake host software to host karoke shows in this free tutorial video .
proper way to reassemble a light bulb to the electrical connection . learn how to replace a car 's headlights in this free video on auto repair .
logging is the most important part of the job in logging . find out more about logging jobs in this free video on logging from a professional carpenter .
how composition controls the flow of the viewer 's experience in a space ; learn this and more in this free online painting video about wall murals taught by expert artist ian loveall .
the object of the clock solitaire variant is to beat the kings . learn how to play the dice in the clock game of california lowball in this free gaming video .
when painting a front door , it 's important to determine whether the paint is oil-based or latex-based paints are peeling off . paint a house front door with tips from a heating , ventilation and air conditioning ( hvac ) certified technician in this
to control your portion control for a long life , do n't rely on packaging , get expert tips and advice on weight loss and body weight in this free video .
high blood sugars can affect sexuality , which can be a sign of type i diabetes . learn more about the symptoms of diabetes with tips from a doctor in this free health video .
add details to plaster sculpture with chisel tools . carve a human head from wax with a professional artist in this free sculpting video .
the nintendo wii was conceived in japan almost six years after the game was released . discover more about the wii and its role in the gaming world from a technology specialist in this free video on the computer and technology tips .
learn about the different types of potatoes in this free video on home gardening .
travel with a hop in tap dancing . learn tap dancing steps for beginners , including heel toes traveling to the side , in this free video lesson from a dance teacher .
before buying a video camera , consider what you will be using it for , whether it will be used for vacations , family trips or a combination of both . choose the right video camera for the job with insight from a professional videographer in this free video on photography .
learn the importance of using a thermometer to diagnose a fever with expert medical tips from a trained doctor in this free health care video clip .
in jiu-jitsu and judo submission moves , the toe hold is very painful and requires the fighter to put all their weight on the opponent 's guard and turn to bring the foot straight to the chest . do toe holds with tips from a martial arts
enrich a cat 's environment by providing scratching areas , such as corrugated cardboard , cat scratching pads and vertical scratching posts . provide a good environment for scratching with tips from an experienced animal clinic worker in this free video on cat care .
increase upright bass skill with scales . learn about playing upright bass scales and arpeggios in this free stringed instrument video from a jazz and classical bassist .
the reverse plank pose , in yoga , is a strength exercise that will help build core strength , biceps and triceps . learn more about the reverse planek pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
a knit hat , or toboggan , is a type of knitted hat that is made out of yarn and has a brim . draw a knitting hat with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
by eating whole grains , which are nutrient dense and fiber rich , learn to increase human longevity with expert health tips in this free online health and fitness video clip .
learn how to use spotters when cheering with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video on advanced cheerleading jumps and tumbling .
for djembe drum rings , the bottom rings should be closer together , because the bottom ring is smaller than the top ring . tie knots on a drum ring to keep the ring from slipping with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on d
to treat dandruff , analyze the scalp before buying a shampoo and conditioner , use a sea breeze or lemon juice to loosen up the dry skin on the scalp , apply a bit of lemon juice and peanut oil to the scalp and moisturize the hair with advice from a
loading a snowmobile back onto a trailer requires lining up the snow machine with the trailer and pulling it up to the trailer . load up snowmobile trailers with tips from a custom car repairman in this free auto maintenance video .
learn the best shampoos for cats and dogs in this free video .
when re-installing a car radiator , make sure the lower fan shroud clips are on the new radiator . learn how to reinstall a vehicle radiator in these free auto repair video instructions .
rotate the leg down to avoid cramping the toes . learn about side leg cramps with tips from a fitness instructor in this free lower back strengthening video .
add pictures to a myspace profile by clicking  edit and upload '' and browsing through the computer to find a picture to upload . find out more about adding pictures to myspace with tips from a professional myspace designer in this free instructional video on social networking websites .
raise and lower the head of a horse for equine massage by raising and lowering the head and squeezing the horse 's neck . learn more about raising and lower head massage with tips from a ranch owner in this free horse care video .
domino polka dance footwork begins with a one , two , three gesture . learn how to do basic footwork in this free dance lesson video .
play a round of tennis to improve your tennis skills . learn how to play beginner tennis from our expert instructor in this free sports video .
the bridge pose is a great yoga pose for fibromyalgia patients . learn how to do the bridge yoga pose with expert tips from a yoga instructor in this free health video .
be careful when sending long attachments to a communications specialist . learn how to handle large attachments in an e-mail with this free communications video .
learn how to do straight strokes on a sailboat with expert boating tips in this free video clip on sailing .
in order to catch a fish , the first thing to do is set the hook on the fish and give it a jerk . avoid letting the fish hold the line for too long when fighting with help from a fishing guide in this free video on fishing for beginners .
adding extra fabric to a bracelet can be difficult . watch this free video clip and learn how to do this from a professional jewelry artist .
learn how to do the heel toe hip hop dance step in this free dance lesson video .
stretching the shoulders and arms , before playing ice hockey , is a good way to prevent injury . learn a few stretches for your arms and shoulders from a professional hockey player in this free sports video .
do a cartwheel with no hands ; learn how with tips from our expert percussionist and drum instructor in this free snare drum video tutorial .
learn how to form wreath cookies with expert baking tips in this free holiday dessert video clip .
in calligraphy , the italic capital letters h and m are two letters that are related to each other . learn more about how to write a lowercase  h '' and
learn about the tools needed to clean the 226 from an expert in this free how-to video on proper maintenance of a .40 caliber semi automatic pistol .
wood stain can come in a variety of colors . learn how to stain a finger joint box in this free woodworking video .
learn how to introduce kids to real books in this free home schooling and tutoring video clip .
when equine massage on the horse 's abdomen , open the area by patting gently with the cupped hand . learn more about opening the abdomen for a horse massage with tips from a certified equilates instructor in this free horse care video .
making a cheerleading hair bow is possible with two simple ribbons that are tied together and laced with puffy paint , a ribbon that can be used at any craft store and can be decorated with cheery paint that correlates with team colors . make cheerleading bows with tips from
a unitard can be used for runner , dancers , and even swimmers . learn to make unitards for sports or activities in this free sewing video .
the sytrus generator has built-in effects separate from the filters themselves . learn more about working with effects in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to use fl ( fruity loops ) studio from an expert in music recording .
a good beatboxer should practice a lot to get the sound they want . learn tips for beatboxing in this free music video .
learn how to practice a hang 5 without doing it yet in this free hang 5 video .
lean how to make root vegetables for a macrobiotic meal in this free online video on how to prepare healthy macrobiotic food recipes .
golf solitaire ends with thirty five cards face up , and then seventeen in the hand to play out . learn how to play the card game of pool solitaire in this free gaming video .
violin etudes are a great way to get ready to play more difficult pieces . learn more about playing violin with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
learn how to volunteer in little league baseball with expert tips on children 's sports in this free video clip .
when cleaning a shower head , use a silver casing with a little disinfectant to remove dirt and debris . clean the casing of shower heads with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
learn how to use adSense ads in iweb to publish your own personal website and learn more about website design in this free instructional video .
after centering the clay the next step is to begin to open the shape of your project . learn about the clay forming tips that you will need from a pottery expert to create a queso warmer in this free video clip .
learn how much water you should consume and why staying hydrated is so important for leading a more active lifestyle in this free health and fitness video clip .
when parrying , find the proper distance between yourself and your partner . learn the basics of boxing distance in this free training video on for boxers .
a zoom and bright smile laser can whiten the mouth for four 20 minutes at a time for the holidays . see a dentist if you need a more brighter smile in this free video on dental health and oral hygiene .
when playing the swing drum beat pattern , play the cymbal on the and of three to add variance . learn more about playing the criss cross drum beat with expert tips in this free drumming video .
patterned tableware consists of plates and napkins . learn how to choose color and decor for a bachelorette party in this free party planning video from a professional event planner .
how to make roasted pepper and artichoke dip and get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic appetizer dip recipe in this free cooking video .
for shrimp with curried onions , add three teaspoons of curry powder and a half teaspoon of turmeric . add spices for shrimp in coconut-potato puree with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
learn about circuit bending and how it produces different musical sounds and noises in this video series that will help you understand how and when to utilize this unique way of making music .
becoming a writer requires discipline , the mechanics and the understanding of the english language , as well as the ability to write . discover the difference between being an author and a storyteller with tips from a published writer in this free video on writing .
alpaca breeders can be found at a local farm store . learn more about where to find alpacaves in this free animal care video .
the basic crochet stitch is the stitch you need to start every pattern . learn how to crochet a bag from start to finish in this free crafts video .
in order to make a homemade bracelet from jeans , a razor blade can be used to break down the belt loops . cut the waist band when making bracelets out of pants with tips from a custom-clothing specialist in this free video on bracelets and art .
keep your legs healthy with chi gong . learn how to do the forward bend stretch in this free video clip .
how to make rice for making authentic spicy acapulco chicken ; learn more about making traditional mexican and latin american food in this free cooking video .
using an eye pencil involves using the side of the pencil , pulling it out to the end of the eye and pulling it back in to define the eye . apply a thin , open liner underneath the lashes with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this free video on skin care
if you have pencils , you need a pencil sharpener to keep them sharp . learn how to sharpen pencils in this free educational video about art supplies for kids .
finding the right foot on a snowboard is the most important part of riding . find out which foot is right for you with tips from seasoned snowboarder in this free video on snowboarding .
always take advantage of two brushes when painting with different colors . learn how to paint a wall mural with art lessons from this free video .
make sure that you 're completely flat onto the floor and keep your shoulders completely flat on the floor . learn lower back stretches from a fitness instructor in this free stretching video .
learn how to set up the torch to make a wire sculpture in this free video art lesson .
a smaller burin jig is used to sharpen a printmaker 's burin in the face . learn about sharpening burin burin with tips from an expert printmaker in this free printmaking video series .
take a visual look at the saxophone scale to learn how to play it in this free music theory and improvisation video lesson .
violin players can use a bow hand to play a variety of music exercises . learn more about playing violin exercises with the bow hand with tips from a classically trained violinist in this free music lesson video .
laying on the ground , drop the head and start bending the knees . learn to warm-up for modern dancing with arm strengthening exercises in this free dance video from a professional dance instructor .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to clean a new terrarium in this free online video about reptile care .
to draw a flying figure , start with balance line . learn how to draw flying figures in this free cartoon drawing video lesson featuring a professional cartoon artist .
learn some great tips on how to warm up before a cross country race in this free exercise training video on competitive cross country running .
the overhead is a very important shot in squash . learn tips for hitting overhead squash shots in this free video from a squash instructor .
learn how to do a hamstring stretch for your lower back and lower back in this free fitness video on lower back strengthening .
in baseball , batting averages are calculated by dividing a player 's number of hits with their at-bats . calculate offensive statistics with tips from a swing mechanics analyst and hitting coach in this free video on baseball statistics and tips .
learn full yoga breath for prenatal yoga in this maternity fitness video for expecting mothers from an expert yoga instructor .
learn safety tips when painting a car with expert painting tips in this free online car repair video clip .
in calligraphy , the italic capital letter t begins with a straight stroke . learn more about calligraphic lettering in this handwriting video from a calligrapher with three decades of lettering experience .
st. john 's wart is an herb that can be used as a herb for woes . learn how to grow shisty wart in your herb garden in this free video .
there are several systems of hydrotherapy for the colonic process , including the woods method and the gravity flow method . learn more about hydrotherapy systems with tips from a traditional chinese medicine practitioner in this free health video .
black grouper fish come in a variety of fish species from the gulf of mexican . learn more about black groupers from a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
in kickboxing , develop equal balance between the hands and feet in order to perform the straight front kick and rear leg round kick combination . perform this potent kick combo with tips from a fourth-degree black belt in this free video on martial arts techniques .
learn the different types of customer service including phone , catalog sales , and written communication with expert training tips in this free online customer service training video clip .
learn how to install the wand when installing faux blinds in this free video clip .
tips for removing eggs from the stove when preparing to cook a chicken fajitas recipe ; learn this culinary trick and more in this free asian food cooking video .
applying blush adds color to the cheeks , which makes them appear fuller and fuller . apply blush with tips from a makeup artist in this free video on makeup .
trying to find a job in another trade or business ? learn how to qualify for the job you want in this free video clip about business tax deductions .
weaving the ends of a navajo rug . learn about rug weaving and how to weave with a frame loom in this free video .
after replacing automotive carpet on the passenger side of a car , the car needs to be replaced . replace automotive carpet with tips from a certified master mechanic in this free video on automotive maintenance .
mandolin is an instrument that could fit in almost any genre of music including bluegrass . learn a bit about the major scale from a musician in this free video clip .
how to serve spanish tapas ; learn more about making traditional spanish food in this free cooking video .
using eggs , coriander and spices learn to make a french toast sandwich in this free video clip series on indian cuisine .
when recording at home , it 's important to budget out your expenses . learn about planning your budget when recording an album in this free studio recording lesson from a professional musician .
learn how to do a cross punch in jeet kune do in this free martial arts lesson video from a kung fu master .
fashion trends in the 1970s included bell bottom jeans and tucked jeans . learn about 70s fashion trends with tips from a fashion specialist in this free fashion video .
learn how to mix the ingredients for making absinthe in this free home brew video from our professional bartender and brewer of his own beers .
to get rid of bubbles in a fish tank , switch from an air powered filter to an electric power filter . remove fish bubbles with tips from the manager of an aquarium shop in this free video on pet care .
using the linear burn technique , in photoshop , will help you add dimension and enhance your animated fire design . learn more about adding layers from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
learn how to identify squash heirloom seeds with expert tips on growing squash from acorns in this free gardening video .
the hagalla walk in belly dancing is a folkloric motion . learn egyptian belly dancing walk from an instructor in this free belly dance video .
after you 've etched the circuit board , it 's time to clean off the copper . learn how to remove the copper from a circuit board in this free electronics video .
learn about pant length and petite women 's clothing in this free fashion , style and dress video .
looking for a career advice letter ? learn how to be successful with good balance from a communications and public speaking expert in this free instructional video .
learn polite poker etiquette from a professional casino dealer in this free gambling video .
a 20-minute running workout can be done in 20 minutes with light hand weights and jogging for two minutes . get a twenty-minute cardio workout with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on home fitness .
be ready for any serve . learn how to hit a right serve in doubles tennis in this free tennis lesson from a professional coach .
learn about adjacent creatures in heroscape expansion sets in this free wargaming instructional video from our hero scape expert and gaming authority .
how to blend hair with the scissor over combing method ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
repair and assemble the parts of the hayward pool vac ultra . pool cleaning tips from an expert .
how to add clouds to a hand painted nail art beach scene ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
learn how to apply acrylic to acrylic nails for a french manicure in this free online video on beauty salon treatments .
adjust the dynamics of a scribble screen with the encoders in logic pro . learn how to adjust dynamics with logic pro 8 software in this free music production video from a professional audio engineer .
the whammy guitar effect is similar to an octaver in a high register . get expert tips and techniques for guitar effects in this free video .
pro tool is in almost every big studio in the world . learn how to record in pro tools in this free video series .
learn how to get started homeschooling in this free home schooling video clip .
learn how to break lug nuts loose and jack up your car to change the brake pads on a car with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
looking for eye makeup tips ? learn how to apply crease shadow in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
most of the movements of a violin conductor are with the right hand . learn more about how to use your left hand when conducting an orchestra in this free conducting lesson from an experienced conductor and composer .
how to use african drum bells ; get professional tips and advice on playing traditional west african percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
throwing a ceramic vase on the potter 's wheel requires pulling clay upward to form walls . learn how to throw a vase with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn how to use silicon cupcake tin to make your pumpkin spiced cupcakes in this free recipe dessert video on making pumpkin spice stuffed cupcakes .
learn about finance gadgets in igoogle in order to personalize your homepage with google gadgets with tips from a google products expert in this free internet software lesson video .
learn how to do a roll and recovery in this free kayak video and advanced kayaking lesson .
the lydian mode is a scale for the saxophone that branches off the fourth mode of the scale . play scales in the key of f that originate on the fourth note of the f scale with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on music theory .
when massaging the gluteal muscles , it 's important to begin with a general assessment of the muscle tissue . learn more about massaging this area from a masseur in this free massage video .
logic pro 8 has an automated loop automation feature that allows the user to write automatic changes in a song . record , mix and edit songs with the best of them using these tips from an experienced music producer in this free video .
watch and learn from our personal trainer how to do a step lunge combination in this free health and fitness video on step exercise variations and techniques .
when doing a back handspring in gymnastics , it 's important to exaggerate the position of your body . learn how to do a frog handspring with tips from a professional gymnastics coach in this free gymnastics video .
learn how to do leg extensions using a pole in this free fitness video on pole dancing exercises .
pomp and circumstance '' is a very well-known song that should be easier to learn on violin than a lesser known one and this is important to realize when choosing songs to learn . watch this free video of an experienced and educated musician and learn some great tips on how to play this song
after centering clay the next step is to begin to open the shape of your project . learn about clay forming tips that you will need from a pottery expert to create a salt cellar in this free video clip .
learn how to add baking powder to make a layer cake and get expert tips on homemade baking recipes in this free cooking video .
picaridin is a relatively new insect repellent product that is available in the united states . learn more about picarimin with tips from an outdoorsman in this free insect prevention video .
tips for making an origami flower out of paper , floral tape , and leaves . learn more about the supplies you 'll need for this paper crafts project with expert tips in this free arts and crafts video .
adding videos to your myspace page can be fun and easy , learn all about myspace accounts , profiles , videos , and photos in this free video .
perform the bo staff two-handed downward flower technique with tips from a black belt kung fu instructor in this free video on bo staff techniques .
supplies you 'll need to make a collage ; learn how to make an artistic collage in this free video art lesson .
learn how to form the proper tinder when building a solar still in this free video on water distillation from a survival expert .
the cycle of 4ths is a great scale to learn to help with your technique . learn more about playing this important scale technique from a professional musician in this free video .
a taorluath is a movement that puts four notes in between two notes on the bagpipe chanter . learn how to play this movement from a professional bagpipe player in this free music lesson video .
learn how to play five note scales on two strings on upright bass . learn about playing finger pattern 1a on the d string with the left hand on an upright bass in this free stringed instrument video from a music teacher .
practice making simple letters to figure out what you did wrong letters . learn how to make simple letters in calligraphy with this free art video from a calligrapher .
play four long bows on an open g string . learn how to play part four of  scarborough fair '' on upright bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
paint a mural with accurate lines to create depth . learn how to paint an abandoned desert scene in this free watercolor painting lesson from a professional artist .
use the percussion settings on a hammond b3 organ to get the correct percussion sound . find out how to adjust organ percussion setting in this free video organ lesson from an experienced church organist .
proper bird care includes keeping a bird cage clean , scooping , washing hands with soap and water and not handling pet birds under five years old . care for birds using proper hygiene with tips from a pet store owner in this free pet care video .
looking for natural makeup tips ? learn how to apply natural makeup pigments in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
a simple paper airplane is a great gift for mother 's day that mom will love . make this special paper airplane with tips from a scrapbooking specialist in this free video on paper crafts .
a living trust is an instrument whereby you transfer the management of your assets to a trustee for the benefit of your beneficiaries . learn about legal issues involving a dying trust from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal information .
learn how to play the diminished triad first inversion piano chords in this free video music series that will teach you how to utilize one of the essentials of mastering the piano - playing diminished chords .
what is a power supply ? learn how to find the power supply and connect it to a computer in this free video .
m through r is a fairly wide letter that starts with a 45 degree angle . learn how to write a lowercase  m '' in cursive italic calligraphy in this free art video from a professional calligrapher .
need luggage or bagagem in portugal ? learn common phrases for luggage and luggage in portuguese in this free language lesson video from a portuguee language expert .
children may experience earaches for a variety of reasons , including wind , cold air and sinus congestion . discover how massage can alleviate discomfort associated with an earache with tips from a childcare specialist in this free video on massage .
learn how to clear out the pantry to help with weight loss with expert tips from a professional trainer in this free online healthy diet video clip .
stretching the calves is important after a full body workout . get tips on calves from a former professional athlete in this free video .
the double bump is a belly dancing move that requires the dancer to push the hip out and bring it in slightly to the center . learn egyptian belly dancing double bump move from an instructor in this free belly dance video .
learn how to make a necklace with telephone wire with expert wire jewelry making tips and advice in this free online crafting video clip .
learn how to cut the sides for a chest of drawers in this free diy woodworking video .
how to reshape the body for your female bust sculpture ; learn tips , tricks and techniques for creating beautiful sculpture in this free online art video about sculpting taught by expert sculptor jorge benlloch .
strength training is important for triathlon training ; learn how to train for the triathlon swim in this free sport competition video .
there are many types of dairy goats to choose from . learn how to choose a dairy goat from an organic farmer in this free dairy farming video .
canned foods are healthier for cats because they are less likely to spoil during the course of day . care for cats and kittens alike properly with tips from an experienced animal care giver in this free video clip on pet care tips .
there are seven hand positions on the violin neck each with it 's own specific qualities for each key . learn how to play the violin in the 2nd hand position on the d string from an experienced musician in these free violin lesson videos .
an antiques expert explains the different shapes of antique pink luster in this free video on antique collecting and appraisal .
make your bridal bouquet look nice and elegant with ribbon . learn how to attach a ribbon handle to a bridal bouquet in this free floral arrangement video clip .
learn how to do a japanese shiatsu massage of the knee cap area to relieve tension and stress with expert massage therapy tips in this free health video clip .
wedging clay for a ceramic mug removes air bubbles . learn how to wedge clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
using a slice swing plane to cure your slice is easy with these tips , get expert advice on golfing and bowling in this free video .
learn how to hit an outside fastball with expert baseball tips in this free sports instruction video clip .
take care of your health with whole grains ; explore hot cereals and healthy alternatives to oatmeal in this free video on whole grain cereal tips .
a panel interview typically takes place with several different people from the company . learn about panel job interviews in this free career advice video from a communications expert .
place a wire basket in the lower level of a pantry for recycling . learn about other places to store pantry items when moving into a new kitchen with expert tips in this free instructional moving video .
becoming a police officer requires going to the uvsc , taking a pre-entrance exam , passing the  reserve '' exam and entering the police academy . discover what to look for in police officers with tips from a former highway patrolman in this free law
on the saxophone , the e flat minor seventh chord is a dominant seventh chord . play a eb major 7 chord in the key of g minor with lessons from a music theory teacher in this free video on woodwind instruments .
learn how to calculate shingle height for a building or remodeling project in this free home improvement video from a remodeling expert .
learn how to form a b sound for ventriloquism with expert voice throwing tips from a professional comedian in this free online ventrilsm lesson video clip .
a simple blues beat is great for parties where there is a drum kit and instruments around . learn more about a blues drum beat with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
it 's important to maintain your balance when hitting a golf ball from below the feet out of the rough . learn some tips for using your short irons to hit from side hill lies with a professional golf instructor in this free golfing video .
you have to hear about these bizarre hollywood frankenstein stories . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
pigs like to be approached very quietly , and they do n't like a lot of commotion . learn how to approach a pig safely from an industry professional in this free pet care video .
a clarinet has a lot of key corks that need to be replaced if it needs to be played properly . learn how to replace a trumpet key cak with tips from an instrument repair expert in this free clarineting video .
when making a calender , use tissue paper for decorations . cut and score paper for a calendar with the crafts tips in this free video on CALender gift projects from an arts and crafts teacher .
the bridge core exercise works glutes , abdominals and the lower back . learn to do bridge core exercises with tips from a certified fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
using the inner glow filter , in photoshop , is a great way to add dimension and character to your textual image . learn more about adding layer styles to your sand text from a photoshop expert in this free computer software video .
after centering clay the next step is to begin to open the shape of your project . learn about clay forming tips that you will need from a pottery expert to create a luminary in this free video clip .
learn how to design decorative gourd art in this free online video arts and crafts lesson .
a proper cardiovascular program should include different aspects of training through intensity , frequency and time . develop a good muscular base with tips from a fitness director in this free video on muscle building and free weights .
learn how to add shortening and butter to a light & airy waffle recipe in this free breakfast food cooking video .
what are some external components for computer power supplies ? learn in this free video .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to clean a pool every week with a pole rake in this free online video about home pool care .
regulator clocks were designed to be highly accurate , with characteristics that watchmakers used to regulate clocks . find out more about collector clocks in this free video on collecting antique clocks from france from an expert in clock restoration .
how to play beat 2 on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
before preparing a door for painting , give it a light sanding job to make the surface of the door smooth . prepare a window for painting with tips from a professional painter in this free video on home improvement .
learn how to chop egg for creole shrimp crab salad with expert cooking tips in this free creoLE cuisine video clip .
learn how to do sports journalism as a professional sports broadcaster with expert broadcasting tips in this free online sports journalism video clip .
keep your merchandise nice and new with the help of an organized marketer . learn some tips for organizing your merchandise from a professional performer in this free video .
how to create different styles of braided hairstyles ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
in a naari gorong dance , the nanachukas are going from front to back . learn how to flip cha-chas through your legs in this free dance lesson video .
drum tuning is important for every drummer and can either improve or hinder their playing abilities . learn tips on how to properly tune a drum snare head in this free video clip .
watch out for boat etiquette when whitewater kayaking . this video clip series will discuss boating and canoeing for beginners .
when making a calender , use red numbers to keep track of the days of the month . fold and clip the edges of a calendar with the crafts tips in this free video on making kalender gift projects from an arts and crafts teacher .
learn how to do the broadsword flower movement in wushu in this free kung fu video .
learn how to choose a venue for a beauty pageant and get professional tips and advice from an expert on how to organize and direct a successful pageant event in this free fashion video .
learn how to play the level rpd in call of duty 4 : modern warfare with expert tips , advice , and a detailed walk through in this free military video game video clip .
defending against a samurai sword strike is easy with these tips , get expert advice on russian martial arts in this free video .
the plank exercise with knees to elbow works the center line of your stomach . learn how to do the knee to elbow in this free fitness video from a personal trainer at gold 's gym .
how to use a squeegee to trace an image for silkscreening your own t-shirts ; get professional tips and advice on screen printing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free silk screen printing video .
a reverse belly roll in belly dancing works the two centers of abdominal muscles , the lower abs and the upper abs . do reverse belly rolls with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
when running , it 's important to use your overall body form in order to avoid common mistakes . learn some tips for jogging with tips from a fitness trainer in this free video on running .
how to understand what flower roots are ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on picking , buying , and planting flower bulbs in this free gardening video .
how to select the best soil for growing houseplants ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on caring for indoor plants and flowers in this free gardening video .
learn how to do hurdler stretches for your hamstrings and calves from a fitness training professional in this free home workout video .
laser hair removal is 98 percent to 99 percent permanent because the heat from the laser kills the hair root , but repeated treatments should be performed twice a year to get rid of dead hair follicles . consider using touch-ups at several times per year with information from an aesthetic
pinot noir is the most versatile red wine because of its light body and mild acidity . learn how to pair salmon with food with wine with tips from a sommelier in this free specialty wine video .
when cleaning a shower curtain , it 's important to disinfect it once a week . clean shower curtains with tips from a housekeeper in this free video on cleaning bathrooms .
sculpture requires a variety of art tools . learn how to use the half round rasp tool for plaster sculptures in this free art lesson video .
problems with digital cameras can include camera batteries or software . learn how to fix camera problems with tips from a camera enthusiast in this free photography video .
learn how to get around hard climbs and open areas when training for competitive cycling in this free instructional sports video on bicycling or bike riding .
learn some great tips on toppings for a light & air breakfast in this free breakfast food cooking video .
growing plumeria plants is easy as they can be done from cuttings , but they need to be done by hand . learn how to grow plumberia plants in this free video on plant cultivation .
sporty bikini shorts are great for sports or beach sports . learn how to draw a sports bra with sporty shorts in this free video on women 's fashion .
leopard geckos require many vitamins and minerals . learn how to supplement your gecko 's diet with tips from a reptile expert in this free exotic pet care video .
practice lead guitar with hammer ons and pull offs . learn how to play lead guitar in b minor in this free music video lesson on playing g major scales on bass guitar .
oblique muscles are part of the core and can be strengthened with free weights . strengthen obliques with tips from a fitness director in this free exercising video .
learn how to add props in the celtx screenwriting software project library in this free screen writing software video .
learn how to practice turning on skis from an expert ski instructor in this free step-by-step skiing video .
the crossover dribble in basketball is a basketball skill every player should have . get expert tips and advice on basketball drills , rules , and history in this free video .
for a final collage piece , the under layer is the first layer and should have all the pieces laid out the same way . lay out an under layer of a completed collage piece with tips from a professional artist in this free video on arts and crafts .
keeping your hands inside a baseball will make contact easier . learn about batting stances and how to prepare to hit a ball in this free video lesson .
get the proper ingredients needed to cook german potato pancakes ; learn more about traditional german food in this free cooking video .
learn how to play scale exercises on guitar in this free music video on how to approach and play different scales on guitar .
learn about wushu in chinese martial arts in this free martial arts video .
in photoshop cs3 , reduce the saturation by hitting the plus sign and dropping the saturation . learn to desaturate a print with gamut warnings in this free photoshop tutorial video .
yoga back postures are great for elongating the spine and moving the spine . learn how to do yoga back positions with tips from a fitness instructor in this free stretching video .
learn how to play the guts poker variant in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
when a transition from winter to spring , eat fresh lemon juice and sweat to keep the liver clean . get the body ready for spring with tips from a personal trainer in this free video on exercising .
if you use less than the full amount of rolls for your turn , you can force your opponents to use the same number . learn how to play the dice game ,  ship , captain and crew '' in this free gaming video .
ludwig van beethoven was one of the greatest music composers in history and this piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
trim the base of a ceramic lantern with a needle tool . learn how to trim a lantern with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
defanging the snake is a principle of self-defense . learn how to strike an attacker who is striking you in this free self defense video from a martial arts master .
learn how to complete sewing a decorative pillow with expert sewing tips from a seamstress in this free crafting video clip .
discover different squad movements in heroscape and learn how to move them in this free video series that will show you how to play the basic version of the table top kung fu style .
how to find a professional makeup artist to apply a summer makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
moisturizers and night treatments should be used before surgery . learn about products for skin care treatments in this free video from a licensed medical aesthetician .
learn cramp rolls in advanced tap dancing with expert tap dancing instruction from a professional dancer in this free online advanced dance lesson and choreography video clip .
learn how to use foam core for poster mounting in this free art collection and hobbies video .
to properly use a voltage meter , check the color of the wires , read the volts on the black and red wires and check the number of amps . learn to read voltage meters with tips from a home remodeling specialist in this free video on home repairs .
the first step in creating a patch art design should be to create the outline of the patch itself . design and create unique patch art with tips and advice from an experienced patch artist in this free video .
grip a screwball by applying pressure to the seams and thumb on the bottom seams . learn tips to hit a nasty screwball in this free video about softball pitching techniques from a softball coach .
in kickboxing , perform double jumps by jumping rope to build endurance and increase jump rope speed . practice the double jump with tips from a professional martial arts instructor in this free kickbox video .
all fire extinguishers should be maintained on a monthly basis . learn about how to maintain a fire escaper and how to check for damage in this free fire safety video from an expert fireman .
when trimming a ceramic teapot , a pin tool can be used to center it on the wheel . center a clay teapot on the pottery wheel with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
how to plane end grain with a block plane ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on carpentry tools in this free home improvement video .
learn what bends are and how they apply in chinese calligraphy in this free video clip on languages and writing .
japanese boxwoods should be watered regularly , along with compost and top soil . learn how to care for a boxwood in this free gardening video .
learn how to make henna embellished art with expert tips on décor in this free arts and crafts video clip .
get a walk-through of radar in halo 3 with expert tips and advice on video games in this free xbox 360 instructional video .
tips for double down in blackjack . learn tips for dealing cards in this free video clip about becoming a blackjack card dealer .
learn about the i chord in blues music in b flat on the flute from a professional flutist in this free music lesson video about musical instruments and music theory .
add a page to a template in this free series of web site creation clips from our experienced internet consultant .
surprise and astound your friends with this fun bar trick called  how to get something round '' in this free video clip .
to begin a beer-steamed shrimp recipe , mix vegetable stock with water . learn to make vegetable stock for beijing chicken with tips from a chef in this free video on chinese food recipes .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to pull off a pool screen enclosure with a brush in this free online video about home pool care .
in oregon , the department of public safety standards and training is the main body of the security officer . become a security officer in or go through an eight-hour class , pass a test and get fingerprints taken by the police department . get information on the requirements for becoming
the expenses of a personal trainer vary depending on the type of business . learn about personal trainer expenses with tips from a certified physical trainer in this free video on personal training .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
snowball throwing hand wear is important for keeping the hands dry and warm during a snowball fight . learn about proper hand wear for throwing snowballs with tips from a seasoned snowball engineer in this free video on baseball .
use an upright bass up bow when playing songs in 4-4 time . learn how to play part five of  auld lang syne '' on upright bass in this free stringed instrument lesson from a music teacher .
learn tips on how to properly roll challah bread with raisins in this free recipe video clip on bread baking .
the fan is a beautiful place among the murano people . learn more about using chants in the fan dance from a professional dance instructor in this free dance lesson video .
a diamond appraisal is an appraisal that is issued by someone not necessarily in one of the higher echelons of appraisals . learn more about diamond appraisals in this free diamond video .
how to do the claw pottery pull ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
compare horse saddles based on their design features . learn about horse riding saddles in this free video about saddles for horseback riding .
if the sunglasses are n't symmetrical , it 's important to render both sides identically . learn how to make a crokee with sunglasses in this free video on fashion design from a pro designer .
in microsoft outlook , delete e-mail messages by clicking on the  ex '' button in the menu bar and selecting the delete button . clean up a computer 's inbox by following the easy steps in this free video from an internet business consultant .
when waxing hair , it 's important to clean and sanitize the salon . learn about cleaning a salon with tips from a stylist in this free video on beauty care products .
yoga can help strengthen upper body muscles , which is especially important for women over thirty . learn some tips on how to properly do upper body yoga exercises from a yoga instructor in this free video .
off-track betting does n't televise races and races in the united states . learn about off track betting in this free otb video from a mutual teller .
learn about using a cinder block to build a walkthrough basement in this free home improvement video .
in microsoft windows , add a website to an internet explorer favorite list by clicking on the start menu and selecting yahoo ! . learn more about adding websites to a pc with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on microsoft .
to play eighth note patterns on a drum set , learn a one-and-two , three count . practice eighth note rock beats with tips from a professional drummer in this free video about how to play drums .
charles de beriot ii was one of the best orchestral music composers of his time and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
sake is not distilled beverage . discover the sake history with expert tips from a sake sommelier in this free video about types of sake .
many women are afraid to wear a bra size too big for their breasts . learn about bra sizes in this free video on women 's lingerie .
the french model is a common upright bass bow . learn how to use a french type of bow on upright bass in this free double bass video lesson from a music teacher .
there are a variety of accessories for your guitar , including string winders , finger picks and traditional ukulele . learn more about guitar accessories with tips from a musician in this free guitar video .
finding the correct memory for a computer is done by determining the type of ram it 's on and downloading the manual from hps . find the correct computer memory with tips from an experienced computer user in this free video on computers .
the best sunscreens for oily skin should be oil-free , matte and have a high spf , which makes the skin absorbible throughout the day . find sunscreens that are oily with beauty advice from a certified aesthetician in this free video on skin care
learn how to space the plants in your vegetable garden in this free organic gardening video . get beginner gardening tips & ideas .
there are many ways to pass a basketball . learn about bounce pass in this free sports video clip .
learn a rib cage exercise for baby boomer yoga from a professional hatha yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
learn how to cut a bi-fold door from a professional contractor in this free video on home remodeling and construction .
internet bookmarks can be organized by clicking on the  add favorites '' button in the browser and choosing a folder to organize the bookmarks in . learn how to organize bookmarks by name with tips from an internet guru in this free video on how to use internet browser features .
sanding a wood scratch . learn about fixing scratches in wood furniture in this free home carpentry video .
how to make greek tzatziki ; learn more about traditional greek food in this free cooking video .
the e major , along with every other scale , has different modes which are determined by the starting and ending note played in the scale . learn how to play the first mode called the lydian mode from an expert violinist in this free video clip .
there are countless tap dance moves and combinations . learn how to do a flap heel turn tap dance move from our expert dancer in this free video clip on beginning tap dancing .
learn tips and information on how to do a dogsled run in this free instructional video clip about the dogsled race in iditarod .
the bo staff can be thrown in a variety of combinations or combinations . strike out with the bo with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on bo staff techniques .
learn about using solder when creating the perfect stained-glass piping in this free video series that will have you creating these unique stones in no time .
learn how to read oracle cards from a professional tarot reader in this free fortune-telling video .
teach your child to identify objects and sounds with this simple activity . learn how to do a matching object activity in this free educational video clip about montessori preschool methods .
learn why it 's important to eat organic foods without processed foods , as well as tips on making healthy dieting snacks like fruits and vegetables .
learn about the advanced exercise with two handles with expert tips and advice in this free fitness video on functional exercise training with the kinesis system .
learn how to create a coluzzle stencil for handmade cards and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by a pottery making expert .
learn about the referees in a soccer match , and know what the ref is up to , with expert tips and advice on soccer rules and skills in this free online soccer video clip .
once you 've painted your chinese garden , learn how to sprinkle the sand with your fingers in this free crafts video .
making a slab of clay is a very detailed process but also a lot of fun . learn how to prepare clay to be molded in this free video clip from a clay expert .
learn how to make the second part of a hasbro blues card game in this free video series that will show you how to play the basic version of the table top rpg heroscape game .
when buying garden hoses , determine the length of the hose based on yard size and maneuverability of the yard . buy a yard hose with tips from a landscaper in this free video on gardening and lawn care .
a pasta con pesto sauce is a great side for mac and cheese . learn how to make pasta con arroz with expert tips from a chef in this free recipe video .
learn how to serve chicken wings with orange honey glazed chicken wings in this free online video cooking lesson .
how to decorate a baby stroller for carving a fruit centerpiece ; learn more about decorating your kitchen in this free instructional video .
learn how to play  sugar we 're going down '' by fall out boy on guitar , as featured in the video game rock band and get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar in this free music lesson video .
learn how to use the pool in cubase music recording software in this free online video tutorial .
turtles will react quickly when they are in the pen . learn about turtle behavior with tips from the owner of a reptile store in this free pet care video .
growing ice plants , or lampranthus , requires very little care and is easy in cold climates . get ice plant care with tips from a professional gardener in this free video on gardening .
great for parties ! learn about preparing chicken wings for chicken wings in this free appetizer recipe from our professional chef .
aquatic turtles eat plants , water plants that grow in the wild and streams and streams , algae and insects . feed an aquatic turtle a mixture of insects , snails , slugs and earthworms with tips from a reptile specialist in this free video on turtle
learn how to chop the chocolate for cookies from an expert baker in this free recipe video about how to make delicious peanut butter chocolate cookies .
learn how to cut tofu for vegetarian stew in this free cooking video on making easy vegetarian recipes and meals .
learn tips on what the linesmen do during a reverse trick play in this free video clip on american football .
the wood block is a common percussion instrument used in classical music . learn more about wood block percussion instruments from a professional musician in this free music lesson video .
using water color and markers to create different types of art ; learn this and more in this free online art lesson on video about art projects for kids taught by expert pamela grier .
in math , a proportion is an equation that says two ratios are equal , such that two numbers are divided by the same number . solve math problems with proportions with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
learn how to use heavy duty winter floor mats to winterize your car , extend its life , and improve safety in this free vehicle maintenance and safety video .
the long tail cast on knitting technique is similar to a teepee or sling shot . learn how to cast on in knitting with this free video on knitting basics for beginners from an experienced knitter .
over the years , technology has come a long way . learn about hearing aid technology from an audiologist in this free health video .
how to zest the lemon for making falafel with yogurt dressing ; learn more about traditional middle eastern food in this free cooking video .
chelsea collar fashion designs should have long , narrow sides and be long in length . learn about drawing a round chel slea collar design with tips from a fashion expert in this free fashion design video .
looking for a fun valentine 's day craft project ? learn how to cut paper behind a window card in this free craft video .
learn how to make a handmade congratulations card and more in this free arts and crafts video taught by an expert .
learn how to tape down acoustic guitar cables to protect them from theft in this free video clip .
how to top the tomato with cucumbers for making falafel with yogurt dressing ; learn more about traditional middle eastern food in this free cooking video .
losing up to five pounds in five days is possible with the help of a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
learn how to place a car jack under a jack after repair work with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
as soon as you put two pigments together you will have a duller pigment . learn how to airbrush a desert scene on a t-shirt in this free hobby video .
the albysjon is a mixed drink with vodka that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixed drinks .
learn how to clean car battery terminals to winterize your car , extend its life , and improve safety in this free vehicle maintenance and safety video .
interested in applying makeup ? it 's all in the application . learn how to use a sponge or wedge to apply makeup in this free beauty and fashion video clip .
learn from our expert dessert chef how to serve a delicious tiramisu dessert in this free recipe video on making your own tiramishisu .
filipino dancing involves many moving movements , such as the bird in the sky , the rain in the ocean and the gentle waves from the ocean . learn to do the horn beet-swap dance step in this free dance lesson video from an award-winning filip
improv games such as beatnik poet are great for stretching your imagination and comedy skills . here is a great game to play not only to practice your reaction skills but also to entertain audiences .
adding black , skull and black beads to your homemade gothic bracelet ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by an expert .
learn how to fold an odd shape dress in this free online instructional video , including tips for folding clothes like shirts , jeans , dresses , skirts , sweaters and more .
tips for diagnosing audio equipment . learn about electrical safety in this free vintage electronics restoration video .
accordion solitaire can have a lot of dilemmas . learn how to play the king of spades solitaire in this free video series that will have you mastering this card game in no time .
for window valance trim , mark the center of the board where the strands will be placed . mark the board with tips from a crafts enthusiast and teacher in this free video on arts and crafts .
yin and yang is one of the most basic guiding philosophies in tai chi . learn how to find and empty your legs in this free exercise video from a registered nurse and nutritionist .
leopard handles basic mouse features efficiently . learn how to use leopard mouse features in this free computer software video from a computer repair professional .
learn how to add lines to clay tile for a mosaic table in this free ceramics video tutorial .
in kung fu , breaking the wrist and stab straight against the forward knife thrust is a great self defense technique to use when being attacked . defend against the straight knife thrust with tips from a black belt in this free self defense video .
expert razor scooter rider talks about the parts of a razor scooter , like its handle bar , brake and brake , in this free sports recreation video on razor scootering .
there are dozens of ways to play a dm ( d minor ) guitar chord and even more ways you can play harmony notes up and down the guitar neck . learn one specific way to play in the key of b minor from a guitar expert in this free video clip .
learn what tools you will need to care for your rudbeckia in this free video clip .
how to build the c major chord on the guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
how to use a bench grinder with a buffer wheel ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on sharpening tools , shaping and polishing metal in this free instructional video .
stay warm on the slopes by wearing a jacket and powder skirt on a snowboard . find out more about jackets and jackets from a seasoned snowboarder in this free video .
flux will help your sauder to adhere to your copper panels . learn how to apply flux in this free video clip about using copper foiling for stained glass art .
emo cartoons are a little bit different than regular cartoons , they are creative and oftentimes are very interesting visual creatures . draw in a variety of colors and textures with a demonstration from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free video on drawing .
learn how nutrients support your energy metabolism with expert health tips in this free online metabolism video clip .
if you 're making a pillow , learn how to cut the fabric to make a fleece bag in this free video clip about crafting a flanged pillow case .
many self defense kicks are from the outside position . learn how to do side kicks from outside position in self defense in this free martial arts video .
samurai joint locking , or kansetsu waza , is an ancient chinese martial arts technique that 's used to defend against wrist and hips attacks . learn more about nekko joint locking from a martial arts expert in this
learn how hormone changes affect women with expert medical tips in this free online health care video clip .
how to play holding patterns on church organ and keyboard ; get expert tips and instruction on playing organs and other musical instruments for church in this free music lesson video .
before inking and painting a drawing , it 's best to scan the drawings to make them easier to scan . scan drawings for color and line quality with a professional cartoonist in this free art lesson video .
the yoga wheel pose from downward facing dog is a great beginning yoga pose for newcomers to yoga exercises . learn the wheel pose in this free yoga video .
dress for business casual includes sports coats , t-shirts and khaki pants . learn about business casual attire for a job with tips from a fashion designer in this free women 's clothing video .
the standing lunge in yoga is a great stretch for the inner groin . learn how to do the sitting lunge with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
snowmen are a classic christmas decoration . get tips for cutting snowmen chains in this free video clip about easy christmas crafts .
use transfer paper to add hair to the collar in a portrait . learn how to draw hair on a girl 's portrait with tips from a professional artist in this free drawing video clip .
the cha cha dance consists of several simple steps , beginning with one step to the side , alternating from front to back and combining full and partial steps . dance the basic steps of the stomp dance chacha with a demonstration from a professional ballroom dance
learn different ways to store baby toys in this free video on baby toys and safety .
the third note in the b harmonic minor scale on violin is a half step , which makes the violin sound like a note in between the c sharp ( c # ) on the g string . play the third scale degree of the ionian violin scale with tips from
watch and learn from our very own expert how to do stilt jumps on stilts , and that with tips from our own expert in this free circus tricks video on tips for making a , own stilt .
how to pick colors for making hand painted nail art ; get professional tips and advice on painting your own fingernail art in this free instructional video .
the d major , along with every other scale , has different modes which are determined by the starting and ending note played in the scale . learn how to play the fourth mode called the phrygian mode from an expert violinist in this free video clip .
organs play a major role in church music . learn how to play organ chromatics in different keys in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
how to dice peppers to make a spanish omelette ; get expert tips and advice on making traditional cuban breakfast recipes in this free cooking video .
how to understand rhythm in tablature ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar , reading music , and music theory in this free music lesson video .
learn about summer jewelry accessories with expert tips on accessories for models in this free fashion video clip .
learn the basics of how to become a professional contortionist in this free online series of health fitness videos from our expert gymnast .
how to paint a wall mural with watercolors ; tips and techniques for how to become a professional artist in this free online art video taught by expert larry dubitsky .
massage therapy can be performed to relieve the symptoms of bicep tendinitis . find out how to massage the upper back with help from a massage therapist in this free video on massage therapy .
how to create a new document in microsoft word , excel , and open office in this free video .
registration for nhra car-racing events is easy with these tips , get expert advice on car racing events and events in this free video .
kids in chiropractic care are generally healthier for them . learn more about the benefits of chiropractic adjustments for children with tips from a chiropractor in this free back health video .
to get rid of blackheads , apply hot compresses to open the pores and exfoliate the face with cold water . eliminate dark colored skin with tips from a beauty editor in this free video on skin care .
a diamond expert explains the different sizes of diamonds available in this free video about diamond jewelry .
learn all about how to play roller derby , with expert tips from one of the founders in this free instructional video on starting a beginner racquetball game .
in order to use excel forms , go to the data menu , click on form and type in the form function to find a small data base form . use forms in excel for new applications with tips from an experienced excel user in this free video on computer software .
play six tones on upright bass with three flats . learn about the upright bass c minor scale in this free stringed instrument video on octave scales from a music teacher .
how to sharpen a chain saw ; get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on sharpening gardening tools in this free instructional video .
when throwing a hook in boxing , stay tight and bring the body weight back to the middle to bring the hook back to protection . throw a hooked with tips from a boxing coach and trainer in this free instructional video on beginner boxing tips .
tips for defensive tackles . learn how to fire off the ball quickly with expert tips and advice on the defensive tackle position in this free video clip on football .
who needs hallmark ? here are some tips on how to draw your own valentine 's day cards with this free video clip .
learn how to play brian littrell 's 'broken ' and other popular songs in this free video clip series that will have you fluently reading guitar tabs in no time .
finish row 2 in a rib stitch pattern crochet with a nice straight edge . learn how to finish the second row of a basic crochet scarf in this free crocheting lesson from an experienced crochet artist .
experiment with different methods to produce a piece of art ; learn tips , tricks and more in in this free photography video series on framing taught by expert minnie bell .
campfires should not be started near a campfire and should only be avoided if the person is n't familiar with the fire and smells smoky . learn more about why to avoid camping fires in this free cold weather camping video guide .
adding licks , or runs , to a gospel groove can help create a flare for your organ fill . learn how to add organ fills to gospel music in this free organ lesson video from a church organist .
forming a foundation is the first step in building your sandcastle . learn how to form a cone in this free summer nail care video from a professional nail technician .
use the same piece of wood as the outer wall to cut away the turrets . learn how to make a children 's dragon clapper in this free crafts video .
cleaning the heads of a vcr is important because it is abrasive on the surface and can cause a snowy picture . discover how to clean vhs tapes with tips from an independent contractor in this free video on home electronics .
learn how to massage the stomach and genital area of your dog in this free video clip .
airline airfare can be tough , get expert tips and advice on airfare and hotels in this free video .
the sissy squat and overhead extension are great leg strengthening exercises that also work the triceps . learn more about the sqs and overhead extensions with tips from a fitness trainer in this free exercise video .
aikido and other martial arts forms are all relatively related with a few small exceptions . learn tips on exactly how one is used and how to defend against it from a martial arts expert in this free video clip .
backyard gates keep intruders out and keep children from entering your home . learn how to use garden gates with childproofing tips from a parenting specialist in this free home safety video .
yin and yang are two fundamental elements that create harmony in feng shui . learn some tips for balancing the opposites with tips from a spiritual healer in this free home decor video .
you have to hear about these bizarre dinosaur stories . watch this free video clip and see for yourself .
for juggling four balls , site swaps include a straight up vertical throw with two low crosses underneath . do site swap for four-ball basic friggling with tips from a professional juggler in this free video on hobbies .
do you want 6 pack abs ? here are some great ab exercises such as bicep curls that will help get you there in these free fitness videos .
learn how to take apart a baritone saxophone and get professional instruction for playing this versatile and beautiful instrument in this free music lesson video .
when people work from home , it 's ok to wear sweatpants all day . learn about the benefits of working from home from a freelance writer in this free freelance video .
playing an isolated double drum beat on strokes three and four in an eight-count measure with the left hand creates a quick sense of 16th notes . play this isolated double-beat variation on a snare drum with tips and advice from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum
your right hand should turn to the right with a line going at the shoulder . learn about the square right golf grip from a professional golf instructor in this free golf instruction video .
learn all about the sexy latin dance the cha cha from a professional dance coach in this free dance lesson video clip .
accessing the alliance in  world of warcraft '' is easy with these tips . get expert advice on video and computer games in this free video .
try to avoid getting  yes '' answers from the interviewee in video interviews . learn to ask questions for video interviews from an experienced interviewer in this free film production video .
when installing an extra internal hard drive to a computer , be careful not to over-tighten the screws and strip out the holes . install an extra inner hard drive with tips from a computers specialist in this free video on computers .
learn how to get coupons as a christmas gift for your boyfriend with expert tips on christmas presents in this free video .
home drug tests come with a variety of important information like blood pressure . learn more about important information to read on home drug test kits with tips from a certified medical assistant in this free drug testing video .
how to level the back for cutting and layering curly hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
adding a vanishing point in 2d design establishes realistic 3d perspective . add a realistic effect to a 3d model with an artist in this free video art lesson .
teeth whitening at the dentist typically requires an in-office trays for 14 days . learn more about how dentists whiten teeth with tips from a dental hygienists in this free oral hygiene video .
learn how to build up a nitrogen cycle as a healthy fish with tips from a goldfish expert in this free pet care video .
learn how to mix seasoning for making authentic home style chicken ; learn more about making traditional cajun food in this free cooking video .
master volume in pro tools is used to adjust the volume of a track . learn how to use the master volume feature of pro tools in this free music recording software video from a professional musician .
in djembe repair , knotting the bottom ring to the ring is necessary to secure the knots on the drum ring . knot the bottom rings of an adirondack side by following the advice of a professional musician in this free video .
learn from our expert chef how to take the bagel dough apart when making homemade bread in this free baking video on making traditional baked goods .
the over-the-head tricep stretch is good for guys with good range of motion in the shoulder . get tips on the proper head stretch from a former professional athlete in this free video .
the best places to find shoes and clothing at cheap retail prices include overstock dot com , target and walmart . find shoes at great retail price with tips from the owner of a shoe store in this free video on buying women 's shoes .
triceratops are one of the best known crustaceans creatures . learn more about the creatures from a professional art instructor in this free science video .
looking for halloween crafts ? learn about making spider web table tops for a halloween party in this free video clip about halloween ideas .
indian food is full of interesting spices and flavors . learn how to add spices for indian potatoes , carrots & peas in this free recipe video .
fashion trends are all about color ! get tips for using color in your clothing with this free video series about how to build a woman 's wardrobe .
get a walkthrough of miscellaneous equipment in  hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
a splatter shield can be used to improve the life and interest of your watercolor paintings . learn how to make a watercolor splat shield with tips from an award-winning artist in this free video on watercolor supplies .
learn how to make a shell trim around a layer cake and get expert tips on homemade baking recipes in this free cooking video .
three-card poker is played with two games in one , with each player being dealt three cards in a round of 52 cards . learn to play different types of poker games , including three card poker with instructions from an experienced card player in this free video on the game of poker .
looking for face painting examples ? learn how to paint a rainbow with face paints in this free video about easy face painting designs .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
want to make your own t-shirt ? learn tips for making unique tshirts in this free video clip about custom tshirt ideas .
oily skin can cause wrinkles , and it 's best to use a gentle circular motion . learn to avoid dryness and wrinkles with expert tips in this free wrinkle treatment and prevention video .
the revolved head to knee pose , in yoga , is great for lengthening your spine and releasing your shoulders . learn more about how to perform the revolving knee pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
when returning students , it 's important to stress the practical benefits of what you 're teaching . learn how to manage a college classroom by preparing for a return student from a professional speaker and communications instructor in this free video .
the downshift is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
the fighting stance , in kung fu , is the foundation of all martial arts footwork exercises . learn more about the fighting footwork from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
there are parts and strings of an acoustic bass and they need to be tuned , tuned and used frequently . learn more about the parts and techniques of the bass with tips from a composer and musician in this free music video .
plants for a plant gift basket can vary depending on the size of the plant . learn how to choose plants for gift baskets with tips from a florist in this free gift basket video .
get stronger and develop a golf swing longer by using weighted clubs and donuts . improve your long drive drive distance with tips from a professional golf instructor in this free video about golfing .
make a custom baby 's first easter basket . learn how to add grass to a basket in this free easter video about making personalized easter gift baskets for children .
the six eight rhythm is a great intermediate tap dancing technique to know . watch as a dance expert shows you tips on exactly how to do this exciting tap dance move in a free video clip .
the hero yoga pose has very specific positioning for both arms . learn tips on how this is done from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
when playing saxophone arpeggios in the key of b flat , a sharp is the first note to play in the scale . play scales in accordance with the music tips in this free video on violin lessons from a professional violinist .
as the cue ball is being played , it has a tendency to bulge out over the sides of the tip . learn about shoulder shape in billiards with this free video from a pool expert .
doing short sprints is a good way to loosen up the body before running . get tips on proper form from a former professional athlete in this free video .
a pedodontic dentist has a two-year specialty degree after four years of dental training , a dental treatment for children and is heavily behavioral in nature . discover more about the job of a licensed dental assistant in this free oral hygiene video from a dentist .
how to make rice for making authentic spicy acapulco chicken ; learn more about making traditional mexican and latin american food in this free cooking video .
watch as a seasoned expert demonstrates how to remove carpet stains in this free online video about professional carpet care .
belly dancing is a very expressive form of dance . learn how to do the tee shirt arms move in this free video clip on egyptian dancing .
learn about the five basic rules of improvisational comedy in this free video clip .
learn the chinese characters for zhuan 4 with tips on writing and pronouncing chironic characters from a third-degree black belt and korean dialect in this free video on tan tui .
hanging your bandannas in your pocket is a great way to add style to your outfit . learn how to fold a bandanna in this free clothing care video .
wet paint brushes before you start painting your sign . learn how to choose paint brushes to make a sign with craft tips from a professional artist in this free sign making video .
do you want 6 pack abs ? here are some great ab exercises such as one legged hops that will help get you there in these free fitness videos .
a belly cast can be refinished for a baby 's bedroom , bedroom or nursery , but a varnish can be used as a stencil . learn how to make a plaster belly cast in this free crafts video .
if a cat is urinating inappropriately , it helps to change the significance of that spot by putting food and water dish in the litter box . keep cats away from the bathroom with tips from an animal rescue volunteer in this free video on cat behavior .
a nette pot is a good place to store saline solution for allergy sufferers . learn more about avoiding allergies with expert tips in this free health video .
learn how to do some sit ups in this free health and fitness video on athletic strength training exercises for performance .
the california hurricane is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
learn how to repair a clamshell break in a windshield with expert automotive tips in this free online auto repair and car maintenance video clip .
the flower pose , in yoga , is a great leg strengthening exercise for beginners . learn how to do the flower yoga pose with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
tennis racket strings generally break down into natural gut , which is a synthetic version of guy , nylon or polymer , and they are made from a variety of materials , including steel , polymer and titanium . learn about the material of a tennisracket
learn how to mix the flour for chicken cacciatore and more in this free online cooking video series taught by expert chef karl james .
the right golf grip is essential to your golf swing . learn about the golf club grip and the importance of it in this free golfing instruction video .
chair dancing is a great way to stretch your legs and hamstrings . learn how to do chair dancing stretches with tips from a dance instructor in this free aerobic dance video .
how to play the twelfth part of the song 'float on ' by modest mouse on the drums ; get professional tips and instruction on playing pop songs on percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
the job of a music conductor is to interpret the music and help the ensemble realize ideas for performance . learn more about how to become a band conductor in this free conducting lesson from an experienced conductor .
learn how to hold the cover with mod podge from our expert on making a picture light switch cover in this free home decorating video making light switch plate covers .
the feet make sounds with the dance floor . learn how to do dance floor hits in this free dance lesson video from an award-winning flamenco dancer .
when playing the saxophone , the a major phrygian mode is a scale that begins on the second note of the b major scale and has a lowered 5th note . play the mixolydian mode in this key easily with tips and details
electrical saws , jigsaws and chop saws are all types of cut-off tools that are used for a specific task . learn more about cut off tools from a woodturning expert in this free crafts video .
storing your music and cds is an important part of recording the best music . learn some tips for selecting and buying dds from a professional musician in this free video .
how to sew spandex for a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
magazine pages make a great source of wrapping paper . watch this free video clip and see how a gift wrapping expert does it .
tips to make the indian snack , spinach pakora . learn the recipe for making an indian meal in this free cooking video .
the best sunscreen is a sunblock with titanium dioxide zinc oxide base , as people with dry skin prefer chemical sunblocks , oily skin and dry skin , but dermalogica sunscreen gives an instant spf 30 barrier , which can be mixed with moisturizer or foundation
how to make rock and gemstone jewelry without beading tools ; learn this and more in this free arts and crafts video series taught by an expert .
when trimming clay candlesticks , first get a nice smooth surface . learn how to trim the base of clay pottery candlessticks in this free pottery lesson from a ceramics expert .
learn about the fencing tournaments held in two rounds , with pool bouts and direct elimination being the most common sabre fencing matches , in this free how to video clip .
learn how to draw a wall in this free video drawing lesson .
to change the blade of a band saw , unplug the cover plate , remove the knobs and adjust the tension of the blade . get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on how to repair and restore band saws in this free video .
in order to change the mail notification sound in outlook , click on the  sounds and audio devices '' tab and scroll down until the new notification sound is selected . change the e-mail notification sound for outlook with tips from an internet business consultant in this free video on internet tools and uses
tricep kickbacks are an exercise that can be done anywhere from 20 to 24 ounces . learn this exercise with expert tips from a professional personal trainer in this free fitness video .
handmade birthday cards are fun and easy to make with a few supplies , including cards and ribbons . make a handmade birthday card with tips from a scrapbooker in this free video on arts and crafts .
all major soccer teams have sponsors . learn how to choose a sponsor in a soccer manager mode in this free sports video .
learn how to add the beef broth to the sauce for making some beef stroganoff from our expert in this free recipe video on learning how to make your own beef sauce .
cure your slice by using the golf club head as a drill ; learn pro golf tips for fixing , curing a slice in this free golf lesson video .
when wrapping a scarf , make sure it is taut and tight , and do not break the thread . learn how to end a crochet scarf with tips from a craft expert in this free crochet video .
how to cut spring onions ; learn more about green , yellow , and spring onions in this free cooking video .
what are the basics of improv ? learn about the building blocks of improvisation in this free video on theatre acting tips and techniques .
a single vanilla latte is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
learn the upward facing plank pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
aces can be played high or low and stop at an ace of a two or a king to get the advantage of being able to play an a. learn how to play golf solitaire in this free gaming video .
the diamond step in belly dancing is a more jazzy step . learn the diamond dance step with tips from a dance instructor in this free belly dancing video .
when doing a wheelie in a wheelchair , it 's important to practice and practice turning . learn how in this free wheelchair tricks and stunts video lesson .
learn how to bake this homemade leek soup recipe with expert cooking tips in this free video clip .
when playing upright bass , the f to g string is in half position . learn about shifting position when playing the d string on upright bass from a music teacher in this free bowed string instrument video .
how to blow dry your hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
sewing patterns make any project easier . use this pattern to sew the big pieces together with a sewing machine in this free video clip .
how to water a raised garden bed ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on growing your own plants and herbs in this free gardening video .
when watercolor painting a bowl , add detail by gradation on the inside of the bowl . find out more about adding detail using watercolors from a professional artist in this free painting video .
rhubarb is one of the most important crops to grow in your garden . learn how to grow tucks and compost to the roots in this free gardening video .
a designer 's job is to lead the viewer around the design field by creating imaginary lines . draw croquis with imaginary lines in this free fashion illustration video series with a fashion designer .
facial scrubs benefit the skin by maximizing the skin 's overall appearance , exfoliating the skin with glycolic acids , and by using more aggressive exfoliants at home . learn more about the benefits of a facial scrub with an aesthetician in this free video on skin care
a high percentage play in tennis is very important . learn how to return serve in tennis , from location to different stroke types , in this free video lesson .
learn about beekeeping and bumblebees in this free apiary video .
what kind of car stereo amplifier do you need . learn tips for picking out the ideal car stereo in this free auto electronics video .
make sure drumsticks stay low when doing press rolls . learn how to do a press roll in this free african drum video from a musician .
want to impress your friends with some fun latin dance turns ? learn the outside turn dance step for ladies from a professional dance instructor in this free video .
learn how to color decorative gourd art in this free online video arts and crafts lesson .
find the ip address of a computer in microsoft windows by going to the start menu , running and clicking on run and typing in a dos config . learn to find the computer 's ipping address with tips from a software developer in this free video about computer
in wing tsun kung fu , use the chain punch to attack the chin and throat of an opponent . learn more about chain punches from a professional martial artist in this free video .
exercise is the cornerstone of fitness . here is a free video on lateral raises to help you in your operation fit !
to french braid short hair , split the hair into two sections , cut in small sections and use a french braider to hold it in place for the rest of the hair . make short hair french braids with beauty tips from a professional hairstylist in this free video on hair
how to understand the basics of a block plane ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on carpentry tools in this free home improvement video .
adding flare to a belly dancing shimmy adds flare to the side foot movement . practice side foot movements with tips from a dance director in this free belly dancing video .
a sixteenth note drum beat is a basic beat that has sixteen hits in a measure . play sixteenth notes on a snare drum with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
make a cane from a tree branch ! learn how to drill hole in shaft of wood walking cane in this free woodworking video from an expert carpenter .
wrist stretches are a great way to relieve carpel tunnel syndrome with yoga . learn how to do the wrist stretch with tips from a yoga instructor in this free yoga video .
for the cardboard model car , outline around the front and around where the headlights are . outline the areas of a cardboard model with tips from an experienced crafter in this free video on arts and crafts .
how to play a four on the floor drum beat variation ; get expert tips and advice on music theory and drumming in this free instructional video .
firefighters don a scba with the coat method by reaching down and grabbing the top of the shoulder straps with thumbs facing each other . learn the donning method with tips from a firefighter in this free firefighting video .
what is a golf shaft ? learn all the details about this golf equipment in this free video clip on golf tips .
morse codes were developed in 1838. learn about making a telegraph with tips from a science teacher in this free video on building a toy booth .
a british slip dog lead is less convenient for hunters than collars . learn how to use a dog lead with tips from an animal behavior expert in this free dog training video .
toning legs requires adding strengthening exercises to a daily routine along with cardiovascular and nutritional supplements . tone legs with tips from a fitness director in this free video on ab exercises .
contact sheets in the darkroom can be cleaned with a nice , clean piece of glass . learn to clean contact sheets to make a photographic print in a darkroom in this free photography video .
the purpose of the fan tan card game is to get rid of your opponent , so they have to make plays . learn how to play fans-tan solitaire in this free gaming video .
learn how to play the high/low splits poker variant in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
use a piece of rebar to break the nodes of a wooden flute . learn about cutting flutes out of wood in this free wood carving video .
in photoshop cs3 , balance the color of a photo by using the dialog box located on the pc . balance photoshop color balance with tips from a professional photographer in this free video on photoshop.com .
learn from our expert how to engage the high house and low house at different stations in the target field in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
drums are very versatile instruments . learn the parts of a drum head in this free video .
crossing your legs while ice skating forward is a good way to practice ice hockey balance . learn how to cross your legs from a professional hockey player in this free sports video .
stay comfortable when backpacking , because otherwise you ca n't get a good night 's sleep . learn about sleeping in backpacking and camping in this free camping video on the outdoors .
how to use a fax machine ; get professional tips and advice on faxing custom designs on shirts and other clothing items in this free instructional video .
learn how to use circle hooks in this free instructional fishing video with pro fishing tips for kids .
transition from the reclining supine pose into a more restful practice . learn about a yoga twist in this free fitness lesson from an anusara yoga instructor .
to lose stomach weight , combine exercise with food . lose weight with tips from a nationally-certified personal trainer in this free video on weight loss .
when waxing upper lip , it 's important to heat up the wax before applying it to the entire upper lip area . apply baby oil to the area after waxing the upper lip with help from a barber and salon owner in this free video on personal grooming .
watch as an expert bachelor explains how to make a career as a professional bachelor in this free online video filled with romance advice .
are you an arts and crafts nut ? here is a great free decoupage video about gluing the front of your canvas .
using a santoku knife to slice tomatoes ; tips , tricks and more in this free online cooking video that will teach you about chef knives with tips from an expert .
learn how to attach the anchor stitch to the bag closure with expert step-by-step instruction in this free clothing repair video clip .
play straight fourth snare drum on all four coordinates with double back beat on two with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
for satay chicken , onions and roasted vegetables are vegetables . cut onions and red peppers for this chicken recipe with tips from a chef in this free video recipe .
when buying a hermit crab , look for a guy with healthy , intact feet that 's easy to come out and fight to keep moving . find a healthy hermit fish with tips from a pet enthusiast in this free video on pet care .
eyebrows frame your face and add definition to your eyes . learn how to apply eyebrow makeup for stage makeup in this free makeup video about stage makeup techniques .
watch an overview of competitive play in this free video series that will have you mastering this card game in no time .
how to compress clay for making clay bowls ; get expert tips on making your own ceramics and pottery in this free instructional video .
make your car safe for infants and learn how to register a child 's safety seat in this free video on child safety seats .
tools such as sponges , potters knives and needle tools are needed to make tumblers for ceramic mugs . learn how to make a clay tumbler with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
the importance of the left hand grip in golf is food , water and more . try the free golf tip for having a better grip and swing in this video golf lesson .
learn how to determine the ante in guts poker in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
using a theraband , in pilates , when performing arm pulls is a great way to work out the intrinsic muscles in your arms , shoulders and back . learn more about the arms and shoulders with tips from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
riding a snowmobile on a trail requires being in control of the machine at all times and having a centric clutch with about three to four thousand rpms . learn more about riding snowmobiles with tips from an avid backpacker and outdoorsman in this free video on snowmobiling
the forward bend is a great yoga pose for leg and core muscles . learn more about the standing forward bend from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness video .
breathing is very important for yoga poses and positions . learn how to do ujjayi breathing in this free yoga video lesson .
learn  bend side '' aquatic arthritis exercise for arthritis shoulder pain treatment in this free aquatic treatment video .
riding motocross is comprised of man-made obstacles and a closed course , so setting up a motorcycle is the first step to riding . learn the basics of how to ride moto cross in this free video .
single leg circles in belly dancing are flexed with the left foot and point your right foot straight . learn how to do leg circles with tips from a dance expert in this free belly dancing video .
eighths are the most popular variation of a cha-cha drum beat . learn to play eighths on the ride cymbal in this free video clip with expert tips from a professional drummer .
learn how to play blues music on the bass guitar in this free video series that talks about the guitar and the different musical stylings it lends itself to .
add more lines and types in fl studio to write melodies inside of the thing itself . learn how to use the sytrus generator to create melodic sounds in this free digital audio workstation tutorial on how to work with music recording software .
land the part of your dreams with the perfect monologue . get tips for picking the right monologue in this free video clip about how to audition with a monolog .
learn how to play the k , ten , and a nine in baseball poker in this free video series from our poker expert who will have you mastering this unique poker style in no time .
learn where to buy beads for wire jewelry with expert wire jewelry making tips and advice in this free online crafting video clip .
learn how to score and score the skin of roast pig in a caja china box by watching this free cooking recipe video from our professional exotic cuisine chef .
when watercolor painting a windmill , use the detail brush in order to detail the rotor and blades . learn more about detailing the blades and windmill from a professional artist in this free painting video .
the e flat major phrygian mode is a scale for the saxophone that branches off the b scale . play this mode in this key easily with tips and details from an experienced music instructor in this free video .
learn how to add oil to a homemade epsom salt bath from our expert in this free health and beauty video clip .
drying an auto engine detail involves using high-pressure air to get rid of dirt and crevices . dry an engine with tips from a car detailing expert in this free video on car maintenance .
learn how to chop the carrots for a cheesy bean dip that a diabetic person would be able to eat and enjoy in this free video series .
to open a paint can , lift and use a rocking motion to gently open the can with a scraper . avoid putting too much pressure on one point of the paint can when opening it with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement and
pull handles for a ceramic sake set into a thin ribbon of clay . learn to pull ceramic handles with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
learn how to select and return cards with a table spread in this free card trick video from our professional magician .
getting someone in a wrist lock is a good way to defend against a choke . learn the basic aikido wrist lock technique kotegaeshi from a front choke , or kubashimi , in this free martial arts training video featuring 5th degree black
learn how to use a bandana to style your hair with expert beauty tips in this free hair styling and accessories video clip .
a clove hitch is used as an anchor for lashing two poles together . learn about tying clove hitches from an eagle scout in this free fishing video .
short form improv is scenes , or stories , that are unrelated from each other . learn more about short forms of improvisation from a communications and public speaking expert in the free instructional video .
swirl a glass of wine to get the aromas flowing . learn how to sniff wine for wine in this free video from a wine sommelier .
learn how to massage the toes using expert tips on massages in this free online video clip .
decimal cards in two-dimensional design vary depending on the size of the block . learn about large decimal card layouts with tips from a professional cartoonist and illustrator in this free art video .
when caring for a horse in a stable , it 's important to make sure that stalls stay clean and dry . learn basic horse care from a ranch owner , trainer and instructor in this free video .
tips for deep frying spring rolls and how to serve the rolls ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video on asian food taught by an expert chef .
for the bridge of a silk flower pot , make small wires on top of the bridge and stick them down . create a water bridge for silk flowers with tips from a floral designer in this free video on flower arrangements .
the first step in a foot massage is cleaning the client 's feet with warm , soapy water . learn how to sanitize both feet before removing nail polish with tips from an aesthetician in this free beauty guide video .
installing a bike chain requires removing the master link , running the chain through the pulleys of the derailleur and cog and snapping the chain into the lever and top cog . install bike chain parts and replace the bike chain with tips from a bicycle specialist in this free
zoom factors in a photographic enlarger determine the size of the objective lens . learn how to determine the zoom factor with expertise from a professional photographer in this free photography video .
the off side pass is a sweet soccer move you can learn to get by the defender , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills and tricks in this free video .
give it a lot of reinforcement stitching to begin because that 's where the pocket will get most of its pressure . learn how to make a pocket purse from recycled jeans in this free fashion video .
the hamstring stretch is known as the tightness in the lower back . learn how to do this yoga pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free stretching video .
when choosing a hair style for the face , be sure to pull all of the hair back off of the face to create a look that 's tailored to the face shape . choose the right hair style with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
learn how to use the sliders on a rowing machine for exercise training in this free exercise video on using , owning , and jumping rowing machines for health and fitness training .
learn about resources for home school geography with expert tips from an experienced teacher and home school authority in this free homeschooling video clip .
after pen turning a custom pen , check it to make sure it matches the original pen 's grain match . test a pen with a wood turning expert in this free video on pen turning on a lathe .
when wood turning , use a scraper to trim the inside of a bowl . learn more about finishing the inside with a wood turning specialist in this free video on crafts .
looking for fun kids games ? learn how to play a spindly puzzle in this free video clip about easy puzzles for kids .
feeding your turtle proper nutrition is important for your turtle . learn more about turtle diets with tips from a reptile expert in this free pet care video .
the double tuck jump , in kung fu , is a great jumping exercise that will help develop explosive power in your legs and ability to jump high . learn to perform this jumping exercise from a professional martial arts instructor in this free martial arts video .
make sure that you completely saturate all your hair so that you can keep your hair in great condition . learn how to apply hair conditioner from a professional hairstylist in this free hair video .
rice makes an excellent side for a sauteed rosemary shrimp recipe . learn to make rice with tips from a professional chef in this free video about easy shrimp recipes .
learn how to play scales on the harmonica with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
learn what supplies you need to give a professional spa manicure in this free online instructional video series , including supplies needed and tips for removing nail polish , trimming and filing nails , and more .
lower abs are toned by performing cardiovascular exercises , strength training and a diet . use these stretching exercises to stay healthy and fit with tips from a professional fitness instructor in this free video .
rondori is n't a set caga , but you can practice fighting freestyle fighting . learn rondori in this free aikido training video featuring a 4th degree black belt .
want to learn bo staff techniques and martial arts moves ? learn how to do the helicopter spin in this free martial arts video .
a golf impact bag is used to develop the habit of hitting down and keeping the weight behind the back leg . use an impact bag to play golf with tips from a master golf instructor in this free video on golf .
learn how to beat egg whites for striped christmas cookie rounds in this free baking video .
how to do part nine of these double lift high hat drum exercises ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
learn from our expert how to shoot doubles from the high house at station two in the target field in this free instructional video on advanced target shooting .
there are two main schools of thought for acupuncture . learn more about finding the best acupuncturist for you from our medical expert in this free video .
the ultimate method of closure on a wallet is a snap fastener . learn how to make a pocket wallet from recycled jeans in this free fashion video .
improv comedy games such as the cat wants a corner are great for breaking the ice . here is a great game to play not only to practice your reaction skills but also to entertain audiences .
for the criss cross card , make a couple of smaller hearts to decorate the front of the lid . cut and assemble a heart-shaped origami coaster with tips from a veteran scrapbooker in this free video on arts and crafts .
in kickboxing , take a punch by avoiding blocking and riding the power with the head in the direction of the punch . take punches with tips from an eighth-degree black belt in this free martial arts video .
there are several signs in american sign language that can be used to learn the alphabet , asl and asl . learn more about how to sign the alphabet with tips from a deaf signing expert in this free sign language video .
if you 're sizing a gold ring with a laser welder , make sure that the metal does n't fall out . learn about welding metal rings to size rings in this free jewelry video .
if a painting is to work , the artist should have some color unity . learn how to paint a wall mural with art lessons from this free video .
what types of jump ropes are right for boxing ? learn what equipment you need for training in a boxing gym in this free video on gear and supplies for boxers .
baggy eyes are fluid buildup that is accompanied dark circles and can be treated with various products , such as eye gels that are specifically formulated for dark circles . reduce swelling and flush away toxins from the eyes with tips from a professional makeup artist in this free video on skin care
motocross uses a very unique motorcycle design to take on the roughest terrain possible and is all man made for the most part . learn about the history and origins of mcross in this free video .
when traveling by train from new york to albany , contact usa rail or log onto the amtrak web site to view departure times and rates . travel by rail or train travel from albany with tips from a full-service travel agent in this free video on train travel .
learn how to improve posture with postural awareness exercises in this free health and fitness video clip .
motocross gear is necessary for riding dirt bikes , such as helmets , pants , boots and gloves . learn the basics of buying dirt bike gear in this free video .
all flat irons are created equal , but there are ceramic , metal , and tourmaline . choose the right flat iron for your hair with tips from a beauty professional in this free video on hair care .
in yoga , chant mantras that are repeated repeatedly over and over again . learn more about chanting mantras with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on yoga meditation .
learn tips on how to play c and g chords on the accordion in this free video series that will have you playing all the instruments in no time .
the child 's pose is a yoga exercise that re-energizes the body and strengthens the adrenal glands . perform this wonderful exercise with tips from a black belt yoga instructor in this free video on yoga poses .
collard-picard champagne is a popular type of champagne . learn more about how to make wine in this free wine tasting video .
how to play chord progressions for jazz piano in the key of c major , including tips and tricks ; learn this and more in this free online jazz piano lesson taught by expert jazz pianist ryan larson .
how to warm up for a pool swim warm-up ; get professional tips and advice from an expert on pool rescue and outdoor recreation in this free instructional video .
learn some great tips on how to train for doing an undulation rope workout from our expert in this free health video on doing rope undulation workouts .
adding vegetable stock to boston fish chowder ? learn this and more in this free online cooking video taught by five star master chef josh molton .
learn about nhra racing car class categories including super street and super stock with expert drag racing tips and advice in this free car-racing video on import and street engines .
use goggle eyes , one cloths pin and an assortment of glass beads . gather supplies for a dragonfly with expert tips from an art teacher in this free kids crafts video .
there is almost nothing you ca n't do to a picture in photoshop . learn how to use the rounded rectangle tool in this free video clip on this great computer program .
there are several screen set options in a mac for each pressing of a button . learn tips on how to do this from a recording expert in this free video clip .
detaching the door from the frame of a house requires nails to be cut through a reciprocating saw with a metal blade . detach a door with tips from a professional handyman in this free video on home construction .
hitting a forehand volley in tennis is usually done close to the net , with the elbows parallel with the ground and the racket in front of the player 's elbows . discover how to hit a tennis fore handvolley with tips from a certified
the triangle tangram puzzle has many angles . learn how to play this chinese shapes game in this free video clip .
use photoshop curves filter to adjust fill levels . learn how create and render a space scene in this free computer graphics tutorial from a photoshop professional .
most newer cars do n't have a distributor cap . learn how to remove the distributor cap in order to tune up a car in this free auto repair video from a master mechanic .
learn the best age to start coloring on kids with expert hair color tips in this free hair styling video clip .
learn how to walk the bass line with expert tips and advice on bass guitar lesson in this free video clip on music .
the violin is one of the most important melodic instruments in history . learn a 1st degree a minor scale arpeggios on it in this free video clip series .
learn how to use the myr enforcer artifact creature card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
learn how to do a kneeling bo staff strike from our martial arts expert in this free training video on doing advanced bo staff techniques .
how to mix the wet ingredients together for making lemon mousse ; get expert tips on making traditional french dessert recipes in this free cooking video .
a tooth brush is a great cleaning tool to use when cleaning toilets . learn how to clean the inside of a teeth brush with tips from a nanny in this free video on toilet cleaning .
when using a paint roller , make sure that the roller is a good quality and use a three eighth inch nap for rolling paint on rough surfaces . work in parallel strokes and apply water to the roller with help from a home repair specialist and remodeling contractor in this free video on home improvement
learn from a successful gallery owner the basics to starting and running your own art gallery in this free video lesson on the art business .
dog trainers use boundaries when disciplining dogs . learn how to teach a dog to sit with boundaries in this free video on dog training .
the best way to talk to a girl on the phone is to avoid talking too much , and instead of talking too intensely over the phone , listen and keep conversations short and sincere . avoid being over-the-phone with tips from a female dating coach in this free video on dating
the foundation solitaire game deals seven columns that are successively longer . learn how to play tripeaks solitaire in this free gaming video .
pro tool is in almost every big studio in the world . learn how to erase midi data in this free video series .
how to section the hair for curling short hair ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
setting up audio inputs and outputs in peak pro . learn how to set up bias peak pro sound editing software in this free computer software tutorial from a musician with a home studio .
learn how to draw a simple object in this free video drawing lesson .
to make dreads , section the hair into squares and use a comb to make the process easier , like a back-comb , to get a matted look , and turn the hair like palm-rolling to get the dreaded look .
travel in style by wearing comfortable shoes , sandals , flat boots and t-shirts when traveling in the airport . wear clothes that are comfortable and look good on a trip with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
learn how to make the chocolate frosting for a yule log recipe in this free cooking video on making a hot chocolate roux recipe for christmas or other holidays .
learn how to do a one foot glide in ice skating in this free figure skating video lesson for beginning ice skaters .
the bear claw horse stretch will help a horse 's hind legs . learn more about bear claw stretches with tips from a certified equine sports massage practitioner in this free horse care video .
taking care of leather shoes . learn how to clean and polish leather shoes in this free footwear care and repair video by our expert shoe doctor .
plotting quilts on graph paper will give us a vision for putting pieces together . learn how to plot out a quilt using graph paper in this free quilting lesson from an expert quilter and sewing class instructor .
add some knobs to your modeling clay beads . learn how to make clay beads in this free art lesson video .
the flip flap is a sweet soccer move you can learn to get by the defender , get expert tips and advice on footballing skills and tricks in this free video .
learn how to prepare to paint your living room and other remodeling tips in this free instructional diy home improvement video .
how to give a man 's haircut with clippers ; get professional tips and advice on methods , techniques , and products for doing your own hairstyling in this free beauty video .
get a walkthrough of safety in  hitman : blood money '' with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
a police officer 's career includes listening to people and being able to reason with them . get police officer career information with tips from a former highway patrolman in this free law enforcement career video .
an introduction to beading in this free video series that will show you how to make a variety of handcrafted jewelry .
learn how to make a reverse layup with expert basketball tips in this free online sports instruction video clip .
learn how to use punches for spot lighting in this free video series that will have you creating the perfect scrapbook pages in no time .
how to finish the band on a custom bikini ; get professional tips and advice on how to design and make your own custom swimwear in this free fashion video .
a rhythm is important for boxers to build . learn about practicing boxing techniques , punches , and jabs on a double end bag in this free training video on basics for boxer .
tips for jacking your car off the ground . learn how to lower your vehicle and set up jack stands to change rear differential fluid in this free car repair video from an expert auto mechanic .
throwing off the hump is an important pottery technique . learn how to make a saki set with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
removing the carpet is the first step in replacing automotive carpet . find out how to remove a car 's carpet with tips from a certified master mechanic in this free video on automotive maintenance .
how to find formulas in microsoft excel ; learn more about spreadsheet software in this free instructional video .
before you buy a dog , learn the basic lifestyle of what type of dog you want with tips from a professional dog trainer in this free pet care video .
there are a number of different ways to test for hiv , including the home access brand hiv test , cholesterol check and a cheek swab . learn more about different methods for taking hiv tests with tips from a certified medical assistant in this free health video .
use oil on spokes to keep them lubricated in harsh weather . learn how to oil spokes in this free cycling advice video from a bike consultant at a renowned bicycle shop .
when converting a stock three-ring bike setup to a two-ring setup , reduce the size of chain rings to have a better climbing gear . learn about modifying a vintage bicycle with tips from a bike repair specialist in this free video on bicycles .
before trying on jeans , research on the internet to find the perfect jeans for your body type . discover how to find jeans with tips from an image consultant in this free video about jean types .
watch as a seasoned professional demonstrates how to remove shower mats in this free online video about home care .
learn how to iron a wedding dress with expert step-by-step instruction in this free clothes ironing video clip .
the double hand push hands tai chi exercise is one that focuses on pushing and pulling at your partner to create an open environment . learn tips on how this is done from an expert in this free video clip .
indian food is full of interesting spices and flavors . learn how to make cutlets for indian potatoes , carrots & peas in this free recipe video .
the phrygian mode is a scale for the saxophone that 's easy to play in any key or mode . play any scale or mode by listening to the tips from an experienced musician in this free video .
learn how to manage programs at your health club and how to best utilize them with expert health club management advice in this free online management video clip .
tools such as a half inch , three-eighths and quarter inch drive socket set are necessary for removing and reinstalling a car radiator . find out what tools you will need to replace a radiator in these free auto repair video instructions .
the ca area 151 is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
learn how to identify a toilet problem in this free do it yourself bathroom plumbing repair video .
how to cook tofu for chicken noodle soup ; get professional tips and advice from an expert chef on making a classic soup recipe in this free cooking video .
if you are looking for a fun face painting project , learn how to draw the outline of your skull in this free video clip about face painting ideas .
teach your favorite children 's rhymes , rickity , tickity and more , in this free kindergarten math video , taught by a kindergarten teacher .
learn a side stretch with small weights for your pilates routine in this free exercise video .
the velocity tool in midi editing in pro tools tdm can be used to adjust the attack velocity of notes . adjust the velocity of midi tracks with the click of a mouse in this free video on music recording software from a professional musician .
a kimora is a submission move used in judo and jiu-jitsu to start from the guard and stop an opponent from tapping out and controlling their wrist . do kimoria moves with tips from a martial arts instructor in this free video on
airbrushing a skull takes practice to see the results . learn how to make and use airbrush stencils in this free hobby video .
find out the best color for screen printing in this free video clip on fashion tips .
in omaha poker , the best play is to get all of your chips in on the flop . learn how to play aces and kings in this free video series that will give you tips for playing a variety of hands and strategies .
learn how to trace henna design door hanger decorations for your home with expert tips in décor in this free crafts video .
when watercolor painting a lighthouse , use burnt umber and small trees in order to add character and dimension . learn more about creating small trees and twigs from a professional artist in this free painting video .
how to wash your hands after washing in this free personal health video series .
learn about the counter arc horse lateral movement in this free instructional video on horse riding and rodeo barrel racing .
when tying djembe drum knots , make sure that one piece goes parallel to the rope . tie knots on a dry thai chi drum with tips from an instrument maker in this free video on percussion instruments .
for shrimp with curried onions , add two cups of water and a little bit of salt to the stock . salt the stock for shrimp in coconut-potato puree with tips from a professional chef in this free video on culinary arts .
play drum two , and-four for swing music with tips from a professional drummer in this free video on music instruction .
in aikido a munetsuki is a punch to the face instead of the stomach . learn tips on how to properly do this and where to hit in this free video clip with a third-degree black belt .
who needs hallmark ? here are some tips on how to scrapbook with you in this free video clip .
the basic elements of solitaire are the tableau , stock , waste pile and foundation . learn how to play tripeaks solitaire in this free gaming video .
compressing the clay for a ceramic sake set reduces the risk of cracking . learn to compress clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
make your own earring to match your necklace . learn how to make headpins for earrings in this free video clip about making jewelry with beads .
look at the lyrics on an ipod by copying and pasting the lyrics from an itunes song . find out more about how to look at song lyrics with tips for a computer consultant in this free video on how to use an iphone .
learn how to do a feint touch attack move in sabre fencing with expert fencing tips in this free how to video clip on attack fencing attacks .
to draw a comic figure of super heroes , gather felt pens , pencils , muscle tone , shading , ink pens and a variety of materials . gather supplies for drawing superhero figures with the tips in this free video on comic illustration from an experienced graphic illustrator .
posting a blog on myspace is easy with these tips , learn all about myspace accounts and profiles in this free video .
in kung fu , use both hands to block , slide the round kick and drive it in with the right hand when executing the double palm block and round kick combination . find out more about this fighting fighting combo with tips from a black belt instructor in this free martial arts video .
what are push ups and glute lifts ? learn how to get in shape with outdoor exercises in this free fitness video .
glass containers are a great way to store dry food in your kitchen . learn how to organize your food by pan to maximize space in this free home organization video .
your core is vital in any workout . learn some great tips on how to stay centered during your upper body workouts in this free video .
the ukulele is a versatile instrument that needs to be tuned sometimes . learn how to tune a mandolin with tips from a musician in this free music lesson video .
to put on muscle mass fast , eat a well-balanced diet to support the activity of daily activities and add strength training exercises to increase the muscle mass . build lean muscle fast with tips from a fitness director in this free video on muscle building and free weights .
when giving speeches in public , posture is important to maintain . use proper posture in successful public speaking with tips from an award-winning speaker in this free communication video .
camisoles are the most important piece to wear under a blazer . learn how to pick and wear camisols with expert tips in this free women 's fashion video .
learn how to tune the chanter in this free video series that will show you everything you need to know about playing the bagpipe .
it 's important to not get too close to the water as possible when building a sandcastle . learn more tips for planning a beach trip in this free summer beach fun video from an experienced beach guide .
you will experience some moderate discomfort on both sides of the chest during breast reduction surgery . learn more about what to expect on your breast reduction with tips from a professional plastic surgeon in this free cosmetic surgery video .
navigate underwater by using a compass and rotating a bezel until the north arrow fits between double notch . learn how to navigate underwaters in this free kayak video .
learn how to choose screwdrivers and torque wrenches for building a home tool box for your home in this free home improvement video .
sterile soil is good for seeding greens , but they need to be sterilized before adding fertilizer . learn about the difference between sterilizing and organic soil when growing greens from an organic farmer in this free gardening video .
in basketball , defend against layups by staying in front of the offensive player and shuffling the feet . defend against a layup with tips from an experienced basketball player in this free video on basketball defense .
when getting a restraining order , contact the police department , local court 's office or ask the clerk for assistance in filling out the paperwork necessary to fill out the proper forms for completing the order . get a copy of a family-related order with advice from
learn what bends are and how they apply in chinese calligraphy in this free video clip on languages and writing .
watch and learn as our expert teaches us how to cook yam chips in this free recipe video on making healthy asian recipes .
learn how to cut a string to wrap a present in this free video clip about handmade craft projects for kids .
how to play riff 17 for playing blues guitar in a ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing guitar and music theory in this free music lesson video .
learn how to properly put on a mountain bike helmet in this free video series that covers the basics of how to become a knowledgeable mountain biker .
make sure both sides line up nicely and look the same . learn how to make a grocery sack holder in this free sewing video .
take full control of your photos ! learn how to use automatic aperture settings in this free video clip about taking professional digital pictures .
learn how to do a hook kick to prepare for a full taekwondo kick from our expert in this free martial arts video on practicing and doing volley kicks .
free weight overhead tricep press exercises strengthen the back of the arm . see how to do overhead overhead press exercises with expert tips from a personal trainer in this free workout video .
learn how to make a valentine 's day card and more in this free video series that will teach you everything you need to know about creating beautiful handmade cards and envelopes .
pro tool is in almost every big studio in the world . learn how to move audio files in pro tools in this free video series .
learn how to use some more features of a new operating system on a newly soft modded xbox , like dvd 's and pirates of the caribbean , in this free computer gaming video about soft modding a computer .
looking for dramatic makeup tips ? learn how to fill in your eyebrows with a brow powder in this free video clip from a professional makeup artist .
to avoid an abusive relationship , recognize the stop sign located on street corners and call attention to the danger in the future . avoid being attacked by an abusive partner with tips from a relationship author and talk show host in this free video on relationships .
to install windows on linux , use a program called wine which is a windows emulator for the linux system , install it by tying in the s-u-d-o command , pull up a command prompt and install the wine program from the computer . install
the child yoga pose is a great stretch for the lower back . learn tips on how to do this pose correctly from a yoga expert in this free video clip .
when wood turning , use two-forty grits and drills to drill through a hole in the kiln . drill into a log with tips from a wood turning expert in this free video on wood crafts .
learn how to place the salt and pepper in the napkins for a christmas dinner party in this free holiday etiquette video from a catering expert .
you 're walking around the movie theater . there 's a movie . learn how to do sign language around the town in this free education video .
how to play chorus 1 , lick 15 for  natural d blues '' by wes montgomery on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing blues guitar in this free music lesson video .
the lateral movement , or side to side , is a functional movement for strengthening and controlling the feet and ankles . learn how to properly do lateral movements in this free functional movement and injury prevention workout video .
how to finish decorating your african-themed pillow ; all this and more in this free online educational series of arts and crafts videos taught by design expert denise robinson .
strike deep into the hand to escape an attacker . learn how to strike an attacker who pushes you in the chest in this free self defense video from an inductee in the us martial arts hall of fame .
potters use pottery tools such as a stiff rib and a needle tool to make chargers for ceramic plates . learn how to make ceramic chargers with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
puff paint can be used to create a stained-glass effect . learn more about working with stained glass in this free video series .
learn how to select the pockets for your mummy halloween costume in this free costume video .
signs and symptoms of food poisoning include nausea , vomiting , bacillus and toxins in the food . get more information on what causes this disease and how to prevent it with expert medical tips from a trained doctor and scientist in this free health video .
when watercolor painting an orchid , use a large brush and clean up the paint before removing it . learn more about cleaning up an orchid flower pot from a professional artist in this free painting video .
file a mechanics lien by logging in to the local court office to obtain the required forms and to get the necessary forms from the state . hire an attorney and consider hiring an attorney for help fill out the forms required by the state with advice from a certified family mediator in this free video on legal
reason 4 has many preferences such as input and output settings that can be used and altered to make it easier to work with . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
to select face makeup for african american skin tones , apply a warm foundation around the jaw line , the nose , cheeks and forehead , blend evenly into the skin and into the hairline . find a shade of foundation that matches the skin tone with tips from a professional
in yoga , perform the big pigeon pose by dropping the tail down and bringing the hips in line with the pelvis . practice this intricate maneuver with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on core flow vinyasa yoga .
sinkers are often used in ice fishing for tip-ups or jigs . learn more about using a sinker from a professional hunting guide in this free fishing video .
when lying on your side , it 's important to engage core muscles . learn how to engage in core muscles with tips from a fitness instructor in this free exercise video .
in judo , there is a technical escape , a leg tangled up the legs , and one of the legs can be used to get an opponent out of the ground . find out how to use technical escapes in combat sports with tips from a martial arts specialist in
the cuddle turn bachata dance steps are a variation on a regular turn . learn how to do a cuddle step in tap dancing with tips from a dance instructor in this free dance lesson video .
surfboard glass is used as a base for surfboards to create a light surfboard . find out how to use fiber glass to make a surfboard from a professional surfboard shaper in this free surfing video .
food turtles should include earthworms , crickets and flowers . learn to feed a turtle with tips from the owner of a reptile store in this free pet care video .
challenge the knee joint and hip joint with these yoga exercises . learn how to do the back and forth yoga stretch with tips from the founder of zen yoga in this free yoga lesson video .
learn from an expert about cleaning the inside out of a microwave in this free cleaning tips video .
acrylic plastic can be cut with a hand saw or scroll saw by using a fine-toothed handsaw , and it can be sanded down with either a skill saw or table saw . use a variety of hand saws , scroll saws and
for four-cycle motorcycles , oil and gasoline are mixed separately . mix oil and gas with tips from a motorcycle mechanic in this free video on car maintenance and repairs .
to test broadband speed on a mac computer , go to www.pcpitstop.com and upload kilobytes per second . test broadband speeds with tips from a computer specialist in this free video on computer networking .
learn how to use voice as a base for playing the native american flute with expert music training tips in this free online instrument instruction video clip .
cartooning made easy ! learn how to draw mouths on cartoon villains and monsters in this free video on cartooning and drawing bad guys .
to write a punchline for a comedian , find a friend , observational comedians , story comedians like jerry seinfeld and insult comedians who use insults and insults . create a funny punchline with tips from an experienced professional stand-up comedian in
for juggling four balls , three-ball siteswaps and one-up two-ups are the two most important . learn four-ball basic patterns in this free video series .
in math , indirect proportion is when an increase in one quantity results in a decrease in another quantity . solve math indirect proportion problems with tips from a math teacher in this free video on solving math problems .
different lateral parries involve moving from side to side in fencing ; learn attacks and moves for fencing in this free fencing video lesson .
in  magic : the gathering '' the dark banishing effect resolves the stack in a game . find out more about the role of the dark banshing spell from a certified judge in this free video on magic cards .
learn about the basic rules and strategies of 'the reach for the top ' paintball game anywhere in the world in this free video clip .
how to apply blush for a dramatic makeup look ; get professional tips and advice on applying makeup and cosmetic products in this free beauty video .
learn how to fold socky , footy peds , and tights to maximize space in your suitcase in this free traveling video on folding clothes in a suitcase .
a demonstration of a finished clay eagle sculpture . learn how to sculpt a head of clay in this free art lesson video .
first theater audition ? get tips for picking the right monologue in this free video clip about how to audition with a monologue .
learn what bends are and how they apply in chinese calligraphy in this free video clip on languages and writing .
strengthen the triceps with laying close grip press exercises . discover workout tips to strengthen and tone your upper arms in this free training video .
make sure that you reinforce the top of your wallet with velcro . learn how to make a wallet from recycled jeans in this free fashion video .
clay pottery requires patience and detail with every tool you use to hand craft your piece . learn about clay forming tips that you will need from a pottery expert to create a mug in this free video clip .
becoming a master gardener involves attending gardening shows , attending garden shows and fliers to learn about plants and vegetables . get a job as a gardener with tips from a professional gardener in this free video on gardening .
live prey for a bearded dragon can include insects , such as crickets and meal worms , and calcium . learn how to take care of a dragon and reptiles in this free video tutorial on exotic pets .
a full back roll in yoga will strengthen back muscles . learn how to do a back roll with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
trimming a belly cast after it 's dried for about 3 days is a good idea to leave the piece with the rough edges , or it can be done with scissors to give it a cleaner look ; find out how in this free video .
to install a quill stem for your bike , grease the inside of the steer tube with a little bit of grease and apply a bit of rusting to prevent it from going down the road and becoming rusty . put in the stem with tips from a bike mechanic in this
snowboard wax can prevent scratches and rot . learn more about why you should wax a snowboard in this free snowboarding rental and buying guide from an expert snowboarder .
learn how to gather softeners and detergents when doing laundry , with tips to sort , wash , and dry clothes , in this free housekeeping video .
play r & b drum triplet partials with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
how to play chorus 1 , lick 17 for  natural d blues '' by wes montgomery on guitar ; get professional tips and instruction from an expert on playing blues guitar in this free music lesson video .
learn how to identify the causes of headaches , their signs and symptoms , and treatments for headaches with expert medical tips in this free online headache relief video clip .
remove ticks from under the skin by grabbing the tick near the head with a tweezer , removing it from the skin and removing secondary infection . prevent tick bites with tips from a firefighter in this free first-aid video .
the mountain pose in yoga is a popular warm up for yoga poses and exercises . learn how to do the mountain yoga pose with tips from a fitness instructor in this free yoga video .
learn about the bridge in country songs with expert tips and advice on country songwriting techniques and music lesson in this free video clip on guitars .
learn how to properly hold an edge sander and get professional tips and advice from an expert carpenter on precision sanding tools in this free woodworking video .
configure microsoft mail on windows vista by clicking on the vista start button , selecting  accounts '' and adding the e-mail address and mail server information provided by comcast or hotmail . add a new email account to a microsoft vista email account with
learn how to reinstall the wheel after changing the front brake pads on a car with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
use split rings to attach a dangling charm to your gothic bracelet ; learn this and more in this free online arts and crafts video series taught by an expert .
learn how to get started making lemon zest pizzelles in this free recipe video on making pizzels .
learn how to attach the tracks to the roof of a remodeled garage in this free carpentry and woodworking video .
a snake sheds its skin the same way that some people take their socks off , start at the top and roll it down and pull it off the foot . discover how the eyes turn a bluish hue as scales develop on the eyes , eyes and nostrils when shedding
when epping a shoplifting conviction from a record , it 's best to hire a criminal lawyer that specializes in this area of law enforcement . get legal advice for eluding a storelifting charge , or conviction , from
assemble the back to the sides of a bat house with the sides facing up on a flat plate . learn how to assemble bat houses with tips from an industrial design teacher in this free bat conservation video .
a scratch or battle style mixer has two channel faders and one channel controls one turntable . learn about the parts of a mixer from a professional dj in this free music video .
the first step in analyzing your own art is to determine where you want your paint to go . learn more about analyzing art from a professional artist in this free painting video .
the requirements for becoming a legal assistant vary from state-to-state , but generally do n't require a standardized education in the form of apprentice experience . become a certified legal assistant by getting a job in the legal industry with advice on the career information offered by a
undefined expectations can lead to problems and problems in a relationship . learn to recognize relationship problems with non-defined expectations from a communications expert in this free relationship video .
learn tips and advice on what to do with a walkout basement in this free home improvement video .
stuffed vegetable recipes are both easy and delicious . learn how to cook the tomatoes in this free cooking video .
the standing yoga standing pose begins with a standing block . practice yoga poses like standing poses mindfully with an instructor in this free yoga video lesson .
learn what equipment is needed for a solar still in this free video on water distillation from a survival expert .
playing singles , doubles and paradiddles simultaneously is a great way to practice drumming skills . play a few simple drum beats with tips from an experienced drummer in this free video on drum lessons .
swim goggles are rated indoors and outdoor , with some goggle weighing a bit higher than others . use a dark , metallic color to reflect the sun and have a silicon gasket with tips from the owner of a swimwear shop in this free video on
get your feet moving for football . learn how to keep your legs strong in this free football video lesson on how to be a star running back .
the best cool , educational baby toys ! learn all about baby toys that promote active learning in this free video clip on baby safety and baby learning toys .
learn how to fly a stunt with stairs with expert preparation tips from a cheerleader in this free video on advanced cheerleading stunts .
how to thicken cuban black bean soup ; learn more about traditional cuban and latin american food in this free cooking video .
get a walkthrough of guarding the hacienda in hitman blood money with expert tips and advice on video games in this free video clip .
installing the id plate and intake duct work on an auto engine is done by slipping the ductwork onto the throttle body . learn how to install an engine slat , or air intake , on an alternator in these free auto repair video instructions featuring a certified mechanic
growing rudbeckia plants requires full sun exposure , good drainage in a raised garden bed and occasional watering . grow black-eyed-susan with tips from a professional gardener in this free video on gardening .
using the palm in tai chi is easy with these tips , get expert advice on martial arts and exercises in this free video .
learn if you have fallen off the fingertip in contact lenses in this free eye care video .
pine cones are easy to find because they 're easy to light a fire and are very hot . learn how to find and find plants for wilderness survival in this free outdoors video .
a ceramic kiln needs to be fired in a couple of days to dry . learn how to fire pottery clay with tips from a master potter in this free ceramics video .
the california rattle snake is a mixed drink with rum that 's easy to make at home . our professional bartender shows you how in this free video on mixing drinks .
looking for fun improv comedy games ? learn how to play  out of line '' a play performance in this free video on comedy acting .
living food refers to the life cycle of fresh greens and clover sprouts . learn more about raw food with tips from an organic gardener in this free raw food video .
learn as our expert shows us how to make the best tasting americano at home in this free drink recipe video on making gourmet tee and coffee drinks .
learn how to remove icing from the pan for making a gourmet coffee cake recipe from our expert in this free baking video on gourmet desserts and recipes .
what is the bs player improv game ? learn how to improvise with games , warm ups , and exercises in this free video .
when performing the standing twist in yoga , keep the feet hip width apart and the toes parallel to each other . practice this wonderful exercise with tips from a yoga instructor in this free video on core flow vinyasa yoga .
in order to set internet explorer as the default browser , go to the tools menu bar , choose internet options and click on the  programs '' tab . make internet browsing easier and faster with tips from an internet guru in this free video on how to use internet browser features .
in youth basketball , corner passing drills can improve passing skills and a player 's hand-eye coordination . do corner pass drills to improve basketball passing skills with tips from a basketball coach in this free video on basketball passing .
learn how to make a mouthpiece for magic at the dinner table in this free magic lesson video .
feeding a sand boa is easy with these feeders , learn how to pick out a healthy , sized homing mouse and other tips on owning snakes in this free exotic pet care video .
learn how to apply cream to your face for a beauty pageant and get professional tips and advice from an expert on how to organize and direct a successful pageant event in this free fashion video .
aikido is a martial art that uses your opponent 's momentum to defend against an attack and throw them . watch this free video clip of a fifth-degree black belt and us martial arts hall of fame inductee fred mastison sensei .
make something different for dinner tonight ! learn tips for making chicken kiev in this free video clip about party appetizer recipes .
hanging the sail is an important step in the sail making process . get expert tips and advice on canvas and sailing terminology in this free video .
to draw a breast , use a louvre crayon to give a lot of sensitivity to shades and contours , place the breast in an imaginary line about one head length from the chin to the collar bone and create a muscular male body . find out about drawing a
the best handmade cards and envelopes ! learn how to make a creative pop-up candle in this free video .
learn the standing mountain pose for partner yoga in this free how-to video on partner yoga sequences and positions .
learn how to fold pillowcases in this free laundry care video from our house cleaner .
calling shots in golf means you call your object ball and you call the pocket that it 's going into when you shoot it . learn how to make the most of your golf shot in this free online golfing video lesson .
finding an agent to help promote a screenplay is best done by submitting it to smaller production companies and agencies . find an agent that will be able to get the best screenplay with advice from an independent filmmaker in this free video on the film industry .
learn how to put up a movie poster in your cozy corner by watching these free home decor videos from our budget interior design expert .
how to draw the human skull in your painting ; learn tips , tricks and techniques to change your old framed drawing in this free online art lesson about painting taught by david a. clemen .
get instructions for preparing chiles for making pozole ; learn this and more in this free online cooking video about ethnic food taught by an expert in traditional mexican cuisine .
when buying car insurance , sit down with an agent to find out if you qualify for discounts based on multiple carriers . find out how many different companies offer discounts on auto insurance with this free video from a licensed insurance agent about automobile insurance information .
a career as a professional model can make anywhere from $ 20,000 to $ 40,000 a day , depending on the market , advertising ad or catalog . find out how much to make as much money as possible with tips from the director of a modeling academy in this free video
learn how to install aftermarket fog lights with expert automotive tips in this free online car maintenance and repair video clip .
reason 4 has many preferences such as cpu usage limit that can be used and altered to make it faster and more efficient . learn basic tips on how to get started from a reason expert in this free video clip .
blonde hair and light eyes should be accentuated with navy colors , browns , greens and reds . avoid wearing blacks and blacks on black eyes and blonde hair with tips from an image consultant in this free video on fashion .
when throwing a medicine ball from the back to back pass , be sure not to be six feet apart . learn about medicine ball exercises for boxers in this free boxing workout video .
after forming a clay vase the next step is to shape it to the right shape . learn tips on how this is done from a pottery expert in this free video clip .
the overhead press into anterior pull-in exercise works all three heads of the shoulder , from the front to the middle all the way to the back of the shoulders . do overhead press anterior pull ins with tips from an experienced fitness and exercise guru in this free video on exercising .
a flying jump in modern dance is a twist of the left foot to right . do a modern dance flying jump with tips from a professional dancer in this free modern dance video .
learn how to do the side crane yoga pose from a professional yoga instructor in this free fitness lesson video .
get an explanation on how to play the eleventh variation of an eighth note drum beat ; get professional tips and advice from an expert drummer on playing percussion instruments in this free music lesson video .
it 's important to communicate with your partner through open communication . learn how to repair a relationship from a professional speaker and instructor in this free relationships video .
when grinding on a quarter pipe , the most important thing to know is to practice dropping in and balancing on the coping . practice the grind with tips from a skateboarding instructor in this free video on extreme sports .
gemini women are tall , slender , articulate and quick-witted and require communication with them at all events . date a gemini woman with tips from a professional astrologer in this free video on zodiac signs .
arm rotations in belly dancing loosens arm muscles and joints . learn how to do arm rotates with tips from a dance expert in this free belly dancing video .
crystal hookahs come in all shapes and sizes . learn more about types of crystal , cost , and types of hookahes with tips from a hookedah bar owner in this free video on hookaha smoking .
learn about fertilizer for growing violets from tip cuttings in this free gardening video from our plant propagation expert .
learn how to choose corsets to wear to create a goth women 's look with expert makeup tips in this free goth fashion video clip .
learn when you should replace the water filter in your refrigerator in this free home appliance video .
johannes brahms was one of the greatest music composers in history and this violin piece is a small example of that . learn tips on how to read music and play this brilliant musical piece from a violin expert in this free video clip .
learn how to soak leather for your leather working crafts in this free video series about leather working and its various techniques .
the a flat minor seventh note on a saxophone is a popular seventh note in the scale of b flat . play a major seventh note with tips from an experienced musician in this free video on music theory .
a spark plug is used to make the cylinder fire in a car . find out more about the function of spark plugs with tips from a professional mechanic in this free car maintenance video .
planning art time with kids is easy ; learn how to make a fruit tree with children in this free arts and crafts video .
a wooden baseball bat is usually made out of ash or hard rock maple and is placed on a lathe with the barrel . make a wood baseball bat with tips from a professional baseball instructor in this free video on baseball .
get healthy exercise and learn how to get rid of germs in four and five year olds with expert childcare tips in this free online healthy kids diet video clip .
learn how to use the geth 's grimoire artifact card in a game of magic the gathering ( mtg ) in this free video guide to role playing card games .
watch as an expert bachelor explains the five rules of attracting women in this free online video filled with romance advice .
make a balloon heart out of 260 balloons ! learn how to make one balloon heart in this free birthday party tricks video from an expert on balloon animals .
a double vanilla latte is a delicious coffee drink that 's easy to make . watch our barista show you how in this video .
so you want to learn to play music but not sure which of the thousands of instruments is right for you ? here are a few tips on the variety of instruments you can buy .
how to dice apples for making authentic spicy acapulco chicken ; learn more about making traditional mexican and latin american food in this free cooking video .
strum a funk strumming pattern over a simple beat with tips from a professional drummer and drum teacher in this free video on music instruction .
learn how to lead the lady with the figure for dancing the waltz in this free instructional dance video .
claustrophobia is the fear of closed spaces in which space is closed . learn how to live with claustrophophobia in this free medical treatment video from a professional social worker .
putting a bridle on a horse takes some practice , as there are a few different straps , that you have to understand how to attach it . learn basic horsemanship from a ranch owner , trainer and instructor in this free video .
how to harmonize on the piano , including techniques and tips ; learn this and more in this free online piano lesson series taught by expert pianist and professional musician tony newton .
strobe lights can be used in basketball games as they can sync up with the shutter . find out how to use astrobe light in this free video on studio equipment for photography .
the most popular hippotherapy movement is the gait , which can be changed with tempo , speed and transitions . learn about different movements and techniques for getting better with tips from an occupational therapist in this free medical treatment video .
to sell a junk car in indiana , empty the car of personal items , remove the license plates and find a business that will buy the car using the phone book or the internet . tow inoperable junk cars to the junkyard or recycling center with tips from the manager of
the mountain pose in yoga is the foundational pose for all other standing yoga poses . learn how to do the mountain yoga pose with tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free yoga lesson video .
learn about the effects of absinthe in this free home brew video from our professional bartender and brewer of his own beers .
learn how to prepare sesame seeds to make korean takkogi with expert cooking tips in this free koro cuisine video clip .
learn how to make some shrimp stock for making stuffed mirlitons from our expert cook in this free cooking video on making louisiana stuffed mushrooms .
learn how to do the corpse pose for seniors with expert tips from a certified yoga instructor in this free online advanced yoga lesson video clip .
a burin hook can be used to make fine lines in relief printmaking . learn about inking fine lines with burin with tips from a printmaker in this free printmaking video series .
playing mandolin scales is easy with these finger pattern tips , get expert advice and a music lesson in this free video .
massage techniques for preventing tendinitis include icing the client 's arm , compressing the extensors and stretching the flexors . discover massage techniques to treat tendinită with tips from a massage instructor in this free video on massage therapy .
how fast and accurate shadow boxing punches . learn how to shadow box with a speed bag in this free video on shadowboxing .
